✅ Most churches have resorted to the use of media platforms for Sunday services during this lockdown.
✅ Students are advised to keep good sanitation.
✅ Crops grown include vegetables.
✅ The electoral commission is in charge of elections in Uganda.
✅ On the fifteenth of November, rebel leader Musabimana Juvenal was killed in a security operation in Rutshuru.
✅ I retired from the army and went into business.
✅ Wheel alignment involves making sure the angles of the wheels are adjusted.
✅ We won the interschool football championship.
✅ The overall performance in the final exams was not good across the country.
✅ Two people died from poisoned food.
✅ Everyone has something they cherish at heart.
✅ Uganda Breweries a subsidiary of Diageo has adopted this ambitious goal.
✅ She studied in a girls' school.
✅ I am a businessman, I do not get involved in politics.
✅ There is a lot of congestion in some parts of the city.
✅ People sometimes take matters in their own hands.
✅ My father said he doesn't want to be buried in barkcloth when he dies.
✅ What does a team need to qualify for the Champions League?
✅ Bamburi said the shrinking market has played a key role in the market dynamics.
✅ We didn't vote because of failure to supply ballots at the polling station in our area.
✅ About fifty-one people have been isolated.
✅ How could she betray her sister?
✅ He says they have never discussed the party budget.
✅ They make money from nomination fees.
✅ That organization donated food to the community school.
✅ A new market was constructed in Kampala.
✅ He is wrestling against one of the biggest men I have ever seen.
✅ People have to be involved in decision making and have to be consulted.
✅ An unfavorable climate discourages agricultural activities.
✅ The government has put much effort in promoting peace in the north.
✅ Uganda has very many minerals.
✅ There is a good relationship with Uganda and other countries.
✅ Ugandans should be ready to battle with the ebola outbreak.
✅ Some organizations are not working hand in hand with others.
✅ A lot of talent was displayed by different people that day.
✅ Many government projects fail as a result of poor management.
✅ The government has built a dam to prevent this river from flooding.
✅ The army is patrolling every night.
✅ Corruption is, therefore a forbidden practice.
✅ How many students have been enrolled for an entrepreneurship course?
✅ Medical surgeries are carried out from the operating theater.
✅ I bought a new notebook.
✅ That knife is sharp enough to penetrate your skin.
✅ Some health centres lack enough testing items for the virus.
✅ Popular media have decided to label these three parties.
✅ A Ugandan was killed in Rwanda last month.
✅ Only ten journalists turned up for the press conference.
✅ People make friends through conversations.
✅ Many schools in rural areas do not perform well.
✅ Smokers usually end up with rotten lungs.
✅ The proposal reviews have been released.
✅ My mother is a retired primary school teacher.
✅Tyres and brakes should be checked and replaced if necessary.
✅Those who cut down trees will be punished.
✅I like to drink cold water on hot days.
✅The chief justice suspended the court hearings after the new presidential directives on Sunday.
✅During the dry season, it is expensive to feed livestock.
✅The construction of the school has taken so long to be accomplished.
✅The windshield wipers have a sponge.
✅Roads have been damaged during the installation of water pipes.
✅Some plants die due to lack of sunlight.
✅She said that he was not her boyfriend.
✅We always need to reflect and thank God for what he has done for us
✅Their classes have only one teacher for every four hundred students.
✅Workers need to execute their duties with all due diligence.
✅What have I done to you?
✅The rugby match was exciting.
✅Washing hands is one way to prevent coronavirus.
✅How can you best define dubious ways?
✅Let us take the unity torch to mountain Kilimanjaro in Tanzania.
✅Many presidential candidates have not been nominated.
✅He has a hairy body.
✅God is so loving and forgiving.
✅The deceased's body has to be preserved until his children arrive from abroad.
✅Farmers always need to plant before the rains start.
✅My shoes are made from leather.
✅We made few profits in the last two years.
✅There is snow at the top of the mountain.
✅The Police post in kawempe closes after one arrested person was found with coronavirus.
✅International observers are the first to criticize strikes during an election.
✅Job Ebyarishanga and Bosco Tuhirwe were shot by Rwandan security in November.
✅He failed to answer the question.
✅The rich always oppress the poor in many legal cases.
✅Whoever uses criminal force to any woman is punished with imprisonment.
✅He reported live from our village.
✅Her father always picks her up from school.
✅Where is the green bucket?
✅Tenants should pay their rent on time.
✅I have built a strong and dedicated team of young professionals.
✅The company ensured both women and men received the same salary.
✅People will acquire income by engaging in agribusiness and management.
✅Christians are called upon to show a good example in their communities.
✅The African continent majorly has black people.
✅He broke his leg in the accident.
✅The government aims at eradicating criminal activities in the border areas.
✅I constantly have to be reminded of how to pronounce her name.
✅The police has chased the boys that were playing around the building.
✅The hospital will carry out proper documentation about the patients.
✅Those are nice trousers.
✅All her secrets were exposed.
✅People thought they would lose if they contested with her.
✅Moyo town lacks better education facilities.
✅Residents time to stay on this land is over.
✅Experts say bickering among government officials could scare away prospective investors
✅The patients must swallow their medicine on time.
✅Motorcyclists complained that the newly enforced curfew reduces their hours of operation.
✅Parents should encourage their children to read more.
✅She has been praying for a new job for two years.
✅The constitution gives proper guidelines on how some things should be done.
✅Everyone talks about sports.
✅Performance is key for political aspirants
✅Income-generating projects are beneficial to society.
✅Why is money from the Uganda road fund missing?
✅He is at risk of contracting malaria if he does not sleep under a mosquito net.
✅You should write down your dreams somewhere.
✅Operations originate from the headquarters.
✅Swahili is the most common language in the East African Community.
✅Parents should encourage their children to stay in school.
✅Sick people should stay near to the health centre.
✅One that hears can easily learn how to speak.
✅He admitted that he stole the car.
✅Hugs are a sign of friendship.
✅The coronavirus vaccine is given on the left hand.
✅The cultural leader wants to improve the administration of the community.
✅Upgrading the health centre will mitigate congestion in general hospitals
✅I wanted to do that job.
✅The government has repaired most of the roads in the city.
✅What did they talk about?
✅I have not yet attended any of these meetings.
✅All the information is available on the internet.
✅The funding will be enough to construct the whole building.
✅Some employers are using the pandemic as a reason to terminate employee contracts.
✅How long do refugees stay in the refugee camps?
✅Aim at diversifying your sources of income.
✅The delay in funds leads to inappropriate planning.
✅This tree has existed for over fifty years.
✅Civil servants need a pay rise.
✅Some of the locals have been relocated to another area because of the floods.
✅We got lost because the driver used the wrong route.
✅The priest preached about forgiveness during today's service.
✅We have to remind them that is not their business.
✅My father does not own any land.
✅They request for a better future.
✅She brought us some sweets.
✅Refugees have poor standards of living.
✅The community was worried about declining student performance in school.
✅There has been an increase in fish farming in Eastern Uganda
✅He saved most of his work on the flash disk.
✅Training programs have been set for all teachers to attend.
✅A farmer in Bukujju village showed us some of the diseased plants in his garden.
✅We departed for the tour very early in the morning.
✅Patients need confirmation from doctors on what kind of disease they are suffering from.
✅Teachers should teach students how to embrace engineering and not fear it.
✅People in town centres face many challenges.
✅Countries should invest in vaccine-preventable disease surveillance to improve their health systems.
✅Prayer is believed to move mountains.
✅District officials are focused on improving the welfare of the people.
✅She graduated from Makerere University.
✅The ongoing projects are really inclusive.
✅Money politics is not a cause of our poverty but a symptom of it.
✅District leaders have given psycho-social support to families that have lost the dear ones.
✅Polio is quite common in children under the age of five.
✅The project was not supervised.
✅Politicians are discontented about the system of campaigning scientifically.
✅Passengers in the taxi are supposed to social distance.
✅Eating yesterday's leftovers may not be good for your health.
✅Vanilla is a largely grown cash crop.
✅He handed over the plaque to Saint Lawrence university's best student Charles Katumba.
✅When does the parliament sit?
✅Water accidents are rare these days.
✅Money is required in the effort of fighting against diseases.
✅People have conflicted over the rightful chief of the Madi people.
✅Some soldiers retired from the army this year.
✅The shopkeeper knows the stock and price of every commodity in the shop.
✅The police will make sure the injured people get proper treatment.
✅Did I promise to give you anything?
✅Several schools will participate in the upcoming marathon.
✅The involved police officers were put under investigation.
✅The list of contagious diseases is long.
✅Many people watched the king's wedding on television.
✅Men should be involved in the fight for women's right?
✅The organization is working hand in hand with the church and educational sectors.
✅He has embraced technology and merged it with business.
✅The historians should organise the history of Uganda because it is rich and unique.
✅He stumbled and fell on the stone.
✅The local farmer harvests big watermelons.
✅I would like to show this by examining the main issues.
✅The tea is still hot.
✅The thin man has a small voice.
✅The patients walk long distances to get treatment.
✅His life is in danger.
✅Citizens of every country have an obligation to pay taxes.
✅The police retrieved the weapon.
✅He vowed to kill a person daily and that he will remain in the base.
✅People have started up businesses in the village.
✅She didn't get enough medical attention, and one of her twin babies died.
✅She presented a report.
✅More scholarships should be awarded to needy students to grow our health workforce.
✅The image of a family huddling around the radio Facebook Chairperson.
✅Under what conditions may an employee be laid off from work?
✅Some of the vendors in this market have tested positive for coronavirus.
✅The Ministry of Health needs more equipment to enhance Uganda's preparedness on coronavirus.
✅Are coronavirus patients responding well to the treatment?
✅He earns a lot of money from selling eggs.
✅A sizeable percentage of Italians are classified as gambling addicts
✅Politicians should be on good terms with their counterparts.
✅The number of refugees in Uganda is increasing
✅We had a break with about four kilometers to the end.
✅They found him with stolen items in the house.
✅We need to promote gender equality in our communities.
✅They sent money to the culprits.
✅People have acquired knowledge on how to protect themselves from this disease.
✅People should be economically empowered.
✅The court holds Kashaka's ten-year jail sentence.
✅That is why I agree with your mother's decision.
✅By the time he was taken to the hospital, he had lost a lot of blood.
✅They threw a big party yesterday.
✅Some of the landslide victims do not want to shift to the resettlement camp.
✅Governments should invest in strong surveillance systems.
✅A strike may spoil the fairness of an electoral process.
✅She is a talented musician.
✅The doctor started a poultry business to make extra money.
✅We thought if the documents do not give them enough answers.
✅Children spend more than seven years in primary school.
✅Street vendors sell fake products.
✅Land evictions are common these days.
✅The chief justice ensured the smooth running of the appointment
✅There is a lot of injustice in Uganda.
✅After the training, the participants were awarded certificates.
✅Kampala Central Member of Parliament Mohammed Nsereko said Kaggwa will be remembered.
✅He wants to use machines to help him plough the garden.
✅The deputised officer will work with the human resource officer.
✅Economic growth and new economic policies were laid thirty years ago.
✅Karuhanga was elected the board chairman.
✅Do the right things at the right time.
✅She reported her husband to the police for beating her.
✅I had a wonderful evening.
✅A lot has changed in your absentia.
✅She never gave up on her studies despite the many challenges.
✅People are doubtful of the positive tests released by the district.
✅He converted from Islam to Christianity.
✅Bamburi cement had to cut prices to boost market share.
✅Praying is the way of communicating with God.
✅They expressed their dissatisfaction.
✅In war-torn regions, there is a rise in sexual violence against women.
✅My father inspired me to be a doctor.
✅The leader will be addressing the villagers on Saturday.
✅They have to win the game to qualify for the next round.
✅The rentals were built in a swampy place.
✅The football matches for this season will be aired on local television.
✅The parents thanked God for saving their child from death.
✅Students were taught about culture.
✅There is a low women representation in parliament.
✅The sweets were of different colors.
✅The United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, and Jordan have an official ban except in casinos.
✅Museveni uses high profile individuals to rally a mass political base
✅What is the main purpose of preaching the gospel?
✅The school administration tried to explain to the students the challenge in the economy.
✅The council of ministers is sitting.
✅The land has been gazetted for forests.
✅These practices feed off the social values of our people.
✅There will be free blood screening on that day.
✅The school will remain closed.
✅I now prefer to purchase unlimited internet bundles.
✅There was a riot in the city this morning.
✅They requested the district engineer to facilitate construction of a borehole.
✅Some men cheat on their wives.
✅He informed people that he is an advocate of stability, social order and unity.
✅Where did you find this man?
✅Pedestrians should be sensitized on road safety guidelines to reduce accidents
✅It is safe to not be very expectant during matches.
✅The director was requested to call for a meeting.
✅The officer was transferred to the nearby hospital.
✅The team didn't score any goal during the first half of the match.
✅Some students are planning not to go back to school.
✅The journalist has given us all the information concerning our national team.
✅They are returned in body bags.
✅The prevalence of coronavirus has increased the income inequality gap among Ugandans.
✅Youth should be encouraged to always work very hard.
✅The procurement officer buys newspapers for the employees.
✅Can stomach ulcers be treated?
✅It is very hard to get things for free these days.
✅Smartphone penetration around the continent has exhibited a remarkable growth rate.
✅He was killed in a car accident.
✅From broadcasting to target casting.
✅Newspapers are very informative.
✅The facility will enable customers to seamlessly cross-connect within the data center.
✅Brilliant ideas are backed by voters and not just supporters.
✅The charges will be uniform.
✅The prosecutor had motives in the case.
✅She only got the promotion because she is related to the boss.
✅Sudan will create stability in the Horn of Africa and the middle east.
✅Government is constructing a new referral hospital in the district.
✅The dams are constructed on the community rivers.
✅We won twenty gold medals in last year's sports competitions.
✅Please take the front seat.
✅Several companies have sponsored different football clubs in the Uganda national league.
✅The deputy elect to the president physically attended the event.
✅East or west homes are the best.
✅The market is no longer operational.
✅Surveyors make measurements to determine land boundaries.
✅Regular government inspection is important to ensure service delivery
✅The officials were handcuffed and arrested.
✅Majority of people in Uganda grow crops basically for home consumption.
✅Northern Uganda has benefited from the construction program.
✅Forests regulate the climate, trap greenhouse gases and mitigate the effects of global warming.
✅Play your part to fight Non-Communicable Diseases
✅They walked off the football pitch after being racially abused
✅The prices had been low for a while.
✅It is good to apologize when in wrong.
✅The pandemic has increased conflicts in families.
✅My husband spent two days looking for the perfect gift to give me on our wedding anniversary.
✅We don't know when the court session will be held.
✅The government distributed money to support some of its citizens during the lockdown.
✅The cost was for a year.
✅Husband and wife ought to be faithful to each other.
✅The man who stole the motorcycle was handed over to the police.
✅Our television license expires next month.
✅The residents handed the member to the police.
✅The farmer claims that the land belongs to him.
✅Zebra crossings are helpful to primary pupils for safe road crossing
✅Creating jobs for Ugandans by building factories is good for Uganda.
✅Every disease has signs and symptoms that indicate its presence in one's body.
✅She requested for more soup in order to finish her food.
✅Onduparaka needs to work hard when they are out of possession.
✅Youths had a counselling session.
✅Babies born at eight months are considered premature.
✅She is the wife of one of the presidential candidates.
✅People should not take nude pictures.
✅They decided to conduct a medical checkup.
✅The chairperson has offered his land to construct a health centre.
✅A big percentage of people discourage the use of tobacco products.
✅The government needs more land to settle the ever-increasing number of refugees.
✅She is a very famous musician in our country.
✅Judges are the highest-paid civil servants in the country.
✅I met him on my way to the well.
✅This is necessary for a team to score a goal.
✅What are the causes of depression?
✅Investors are constructing infrastructures in wetlands.
✅What is the purpose of quarantining non coronavirus patients?
✅Some politicians do not keep the promises they make during campaigns.
✅The government believes that the lockdown has helped in reducing the spread of coronavirus.
✅Perhaps Mr. Zuckerberg's speech gets the final word at this point.
✅It can float like a boat or rise above the waves using hydraulic pilings.
✅He was bitten by mosquitoes when they went camping.
✅She set off to travel across North Africa.
✅Many of our soldiers sustained serious injuries during the attack.
✅My daughter was invited to a classmate's birthday party.
✅The country has few cancer facilities to treat the increasing number of cancer patients.
✅The arrested mayor was later found innocent.
✅She was shamelessly undressing in public.
✅The zebra is food to a lion.
✅The court session was postponed to next week.
✅You should confess your sins to God, not Revland.
✅We took many photos yesterday.
✅Uganda has partnered with organizations around the world to research education.
✅His level of education may have given him an anti-societal political attitude.
✅Leaders should work hard for the good of society.
✅That man beat his daughter until she fainted.
✅Kaggwa served as a special rapporteur on prisons and conditions of detention.
✅Why do you want a job in procurement?
✅They agree to hold the elections next month.
✅The government should establish strict laws for people encroaching on the wetlands.
✅There were mixed legislative actions and blame games.
✅My children put on raincoats whenever it rains.
✅The organization is teaching the community about the risks of early pregnancies in girls.
✅What are the repercussions if he is convicted of fraud?
✅Good nutrition helps children grow and be active at school.
✅The conflict has led to the destruction of people's property.
✅It was a well-balanced and outstanding family car that was simple to drive.
✅He had refused to cooperate.
✅His grandfather feeds through a tube.
✅The elections in Rwanda were free and fair.
✅He was sentenced to death because he was a serial killer.
✅She has never gotten justice.
✅The electoral commission directed the candidates to campaign using media and social media.
✅Anthrax can also be contacted by human beings.
✅Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
She doesn’t trust her husband.
Obongi has become independent as a district.
People have different perceptions regarding nature and it's not obvious to some people.
We eat fresh fish every Sunday at home.
There is an ongoing program of keeping the city clean.
We celebrated Christmas day last week.
Cheptegei caps two thousand nineteen with a new ten-kilometer record.
The mourners were so touched by the message from the deceased's best friend.
The victim's father was in another district during the incident time.
Most people in her home village are poor.
The outgoing Kadhi did not want to hand over the office.
It cannot sustain its activities in difficult times like wars
One at the age of thirty-five is not considered a youth.
Many religious leaders attended the event.
Three candidates are competing for the highest position in the company.
Don’t worry about the money.
Unlike other grandmothers, mine is still very strong and energetic.
Clan leaders will become constitutional leaders.
Centenary Bank General Manager Corporate Communications and Marketing Beatrice Lugalambi rewarded four winners.
She has long hair.
A troupe of Ugandan cultural dances performed in America last year.
The palace officials remain defensive of the kingdom's independence.
After he received his portion of the land, he sold it.
It became clear that the court had ruled in favor of the petitioners.
She received a letter from her sponsors.
My brother was promoted at his workplace.
Four hundred people were affected by the fire outbreak.
The police's role is to keep law and order in the community.
Good sanitation prevents diseases.
He was introduced by the chairman.
Pastoralists complained about being neglected.
How users behave online and use that data to categorize them into specific groups.
Sudanese gross government debt is over two hundred percent of the Gross Domestic Product.
Did you have supper yesterday?
My husband lost his job three months ago.
We kept the fish in the fridge.
The district education officer advised candidates to stay focused and register good performances.
My children smile when I hug them.
He had to get medical clearance so as to participate in the match.
What are the benefits of conserving wildlife?
These residents were warned about the state of their settlement.
That district has organized a fundraising ceremony to raise money for a new bridge.
My father has recovered from coronavirus disease.
Do you know his name?
Eating a lot of ice cream is not good for your health.
The judge found them guilty of murder.
To achieve this, a change in mindset needs to happen.
Despite working under a military dictatorship, Med always tried to promote rights.
The election exercise is set to begin.
The new government looks at reviving the economy.
Businesses need some financial support from the government to survive this period.
Some crops don't grow well in rocky areas.
How do you deal with disappointments in life?
We need to plant more trees.
All types of routine maintenance services must be performed.
Cancer can affect different parts of the body.
We have access to clean water.
The organizing committee did a great job.
Let me go and see what I can do.
Ethiopian Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed was photographed pensively eyeing model tanks.
We have entry exams tomorrow.
Fans are not allowed to watch games in the stadium due to the pandemic.
The community members asked their leader for the annual budget.
Historically corruption has not stopped economic development
Any taxis found carrying more than eight passengers will be impounded by the police.
Lawyers offer legal advice to their clients.
What happened during the funeral service?
Health officials need to be regularly audited to fight corruption.
Police have been investigating this murder for some time.
There is a lot of development in Arua city.
Uganda's first carrier-neutral, an enterprise-grade data center is scheduled to be launched.
Do athletes feed on a special diet?
The old archbishop will give his speech at the farewell event.
I need that cup.
Am waiting for my driver.
The mistake is in massively understating how much financial aid.
She plaited her hair.
Will candidates sit for their final national examinations this year?
It offers the poor chance to improve their wellbeing.
We should be able to compete very well in the market.
We are fundraising to build a school.
She acquired the piece of land from her grandfather.
She doesn’t have anyone willing to pay her tuition.
He was holding the money in his hands.
The police was instructed to arrest people moving without face masks.
The interconnection fee for mobile telephone calls is one hundred thirty-one shillings.
Did you see the rainbow?
Police investigations usually take long hence leaving us with no answers
Let us go and spray the tomatoes with pesticides.
We were told not to discriminate against one because of their gender.
Education is the key to success.
What are some of the diseases that affect banana plantations?
The computers were handed over by the Netherlands ambassador to Uganda Henk Jan Bakker.
You are the next speaker.
The district leader thanked her for having a kind and giving heart.
The government issued guidelines on how forestry activities should be carried out.
More farmers are rearing rabbits because they are profitable.
Abstracts are needed for the national Health promotion conference.
The issue is on all ballot boxes.
The member of parliament missed the wedding ceremony.
Morality and ethics are very important in society.
Politicians meet their constituents financial needs by paying fees and medical bills for some
The bishop was the guest speaker at the ceremony.
Kagame officiated a swearing-in ceremony of senior military officials at parliament in Kigali.
Kenya banned sugarcane imports from Uganda.
He campaigned in very few villages.
Domestic sales went up six by percent last year.
These days women compete for the same jobs as men.
Most of the national team players come from our home village.
Muhoozi Kainerugaba, Museveni's son, joined the military.
Rwanda's army always seems to be very alert.
The participants called on security forces to stop arresting opposition members.
The high cost of the internet in Uganda is a hindrance to online learning.
They will hold a chief installation activity.
Many local council officials have been sighted as being involved in corruption scandals
The district is looking at conserving nature and preserving the environment.
The late general died in a car accident this morning.
She went to the hospital to test for cancer.
At that time, Besigye was a Colonel in the Uganda People Defense Force.
This is a praise and worship moment.
The market was cleaned.
The sixty-man delegation was on a five-day visit to the country.
Patients need medical attention while in the hospital.
It affects women in all stages of their lives.
The central government increased the youth livelihood fund.
The animals in the game park will be relocated.
I have previously proposed removing the secrecy through a Public Interest.
Most people cut down trees to get firewood.
They have been friends for many years now.
The youth leader who led the protests was arrested.
I know him very well.
We have all been advised to wear masks at all times.
Strong surveillance ensures a functioning health information system.
The passport renewal office is now open.
The police orders were not followed.
What is poor parenting?
They had an interest in killing him.
The district health department has motivated medical personnel.
One day, I will have my own livestock farm.
He scratched his skin because it was itching.
The priest is too old for a prison sentence.
Men have been affected by coronavirus more than women.
Ambassador Deborah Malac leaves after a four-year tenure.
Your brother does not reply to my messages lately.
What happens at a coronation ceremony?
He has been the Local Council One chairperson for a long time.
Which construction company got the contract to build roads?
I was part of the Kabaka's run last year.
Do you know where to find the keys?
I was impressed by your confidence in answering questions.
The wind blew the locusts towards our farm.
My brother rents a two-roomed self-contained house.
The government has put a lot of effort into reducing the number of covid-19 infections.
During dry season crops dry up.
We have introduced new brands which are made using local raw materials.
The leader had a personal reason for involvement in that project.
She is a mother of three.
There were many famous people at the wedding ceremony I attended yesterday.
There are vast cultures in the world.
Social distancing has to be maintained to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
A border patrol department is essential in fighting illegal trade.
Most of his words were educative.
During the pandemic times, cases of teenage pregnancy increased.
They do not have a representative in the country.
The banking sector gets profits from loan interests and bank charges.
Changes were centered towards collaboration and better service.
What do you know about the Ebola disease?
He commended the president for maintaining peace within the country.
No political party will claim to be left out during elections.
Sickles are used in reaping cereal crops at harvest time.
The president reassured us of his contribution to the orphanage at the end of his speech.
There have been at least twenty landslides in that area in the past one hundred years.
People are not maximizing the resources present.
The district leader blocked the diversion of funds.
The district leaders have appealed to people to be calm.
Improved infrastructure boosts economic development.
She taught her children how to behave well in public.
The point here is that one’s origin is not permanently established.
Various organizations have come up to help to stop the spread of this disease.
Uganda needs more football facilities.
This has made many wonder which way the Anglican faith is taking.
Patricia Balvanera is a professor at the institute for ecosystem and sustainability research.
He hopes that the team will make it to the finals.
The resident may have been kidnapped.
The Ministry of Education bought laboratory equipment for government schools.
She is a qualified journalist.
My mother bought two pineapples from the market.
The weed on River Nile has made it difficult for fishers to catch fish.
Politicians usually make empty promises.
He wants to build a bigger house.
Ugandans are friendly people.
She entered politics and contested for a political position.
This is my responsibility as the President of Uganda
Banana growing is no longer profitable.
The report will be put in the newspapers.
The hospital staff was advised to be patient with the team.
The nursery bed was put under a tree to avoid direct sunlight.
President Pierre Nkurunziza accuses Kagame of being the mastermind of a twenty fifteen coup attempt in Bujumbura.
What do medical engineers do?
Village courts handle small cases and forward the big ones to higher authorities.
There is a political crisis in the country that needs to be resolved.
All people were looking at the preacher.
He has encouraged students to enrol for science degree programs.
She walked into the labor ward and came out alive.
Car theft is rampant these days.
The people should protect themselves.
The cathedral and the diocesan offices are usually in the same premises.
Fans will not be allowed in the stadium during the match.
It is possible for one to be healthy and disease-free.
Vaccinated people can still contract coronavirus.
The museum attracts tourists.
He was voted the most valuable player of the match.
The government has provided employment opportunities for the people.
The officer was shot on the head.
It is very hard to be homeless if you have people who still care about you
How long should couples take in courtship?
Religious leaders condemned the police shootings that took place in November two thousand twenty.
Money is scarce because people's needs are unlimited.
I closed my boutique after the president's speech on Friday.
She is the first graduate in the whole family.
Theft is a great threat to the community.
Some students were caught and punished for entering a disco hall.
He fastened his towel around the waist and headed to the bathroom.
Mineral Development Beneficiation Center will help Uganda produce hardware parts needed in phone making
Fatal accidents are due to careless road users.
What are some of the rights of a prisoner?
Students will gain the knowledge needed to run a business successfully.
Schools in rural areas performed poorly.
Sick patients need to be cared for.
Technology provides employment to the people
The hotel lost a lot of money because the guests did not show up.
My mother reminded me to take my medicine in the morning.
My grandparents also benefited from government aid last year.
The project aims to provide clean and affordable water.
There are high rates of maternal mortality.
Political parties train their candidates on the kind of message to spread to the public.
Some employees were laid off from work because of the pandemic.
He wanted to talk to the press but they stopped him.
The manager organized a meeting with the new investors.
The government allocates enough funds for health services every year.
The government intends to provide funds to youths so that they engage in business.
How many points did you score in your senior six final exams?
Of what benefit is the constitution to the country.
People should be treated equally and should not be discriminated against.
The winner of the fashion competition received one hundred million Ugandan shillings.
What is involved in looking after a dog?
Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga can order an inquiry if she has credible evidence
The former prime minister is campaigning.
Diseases spread and can also lead to deaths.
The price of fish is so high these days.
To some people, their talent is their source of income.
Heavy taxes are imposed on tobacco products.
My sister started singing when she was only four years old.
The church came out to say that they don't support the land amendment bill.
He is an experienced footballer.
Milestones will guide the successful implementation of the project.
The more members you have the more votes in an election.
The parent requested the headteacher to change their minds.
Treason is a case charged to people that have betrayed their country.
Shoddy work is a symptom of poor supervision.
This kind of behaviour is completely disallowed and unlawful
With early pregnancies, teenagers face a risk of delivery complications.
He did not close his door at night.
Television is a source of entertainment.
Then it was coming out every three weeks.
The desert locusts reproduce faster in a warm climate.
Councillors are looked at as low-income civil servants
It is important to find out whether all the members of this group are genuine beneficiaries.
There is improper sanitation in schools.
The best way to keep your daughter safe is to supervise her.
Gayaza high school is the oldest girls school in Uganda
He is dearly loved by his colleagues.
He addressed the administration of the Law Development Center this morning.
What is the largest ethnic group in Uganda?
I enjoy photographing different animals.
The photocopier that I bought recently is a duplicate.
Tribe-based voting denies the electorate responsible leaders.
Learn to watch and foresee traffic signals.
People feel safe when the country is politically stable.
People dislike registering their land.
Clean, renewable energy is good for environmental conservation.
She is a lawyer who fights for the rights of orphans and widows.
Your business has expanded greatly over the last year.
He was asked to sign.
The officer was referred to another hospital.
Priests empower our community.
The Association is doing this through initiatives like the Netherlands Trust Fund four Programme.
Which things were donated to orphans?
People spend huge sums of money to control pneumonia, diarrhea, and measles.
There is rampant destitution, corruption, war, and internal division.
The Ugandan judiciary has been accused of massive corruption
Schools will reopen after all teachers have been vaccinated against the coronavirus disease.
You have to do what the doctor says.
He pulled much bigger crowds whenever he went.
We are yet to establish why the country is living in fear.
Chairperson of the Uganda Human Rights Commission Med Kaggwa passed away.
The Water Recovery Plant is worth over ten million Uganda shillings.
The vaccines will be given to only elderly people.
Few people were vaccinated against polio.
Some of them were compensated a few years ago.
How to prevent kidney failure
They attach great importance to expressions of personal kindness.
Kazinga channel links Lake Edward and Lake George.
Orders must be implemented.
Mothers are grateful for the renovation of the maternity ward.
This is because of the network effects enjoyed by social media.
Non-essential workers will be affected by the pandemic.
The minister donated two ambulances to the district.
Police will cater for all the medical expenses.
More funds were allocated to the security sector this financial year.
The congregation attentively listened to the sermon.
The commissioner has served the people of Uganda very well
She uses her computer to do her work as well as watch movies.
Doctors have encouraged the youth in this area to donate blood at least once a year.
The school canceled the intercampus sports games because of the flu outbreak.
East African states should be integrated with  clear goals and objective
People affected with coronavirus have to be quarantine for two weeks.
People in Kampala voted for their new leaders yesterday.
The school allowed them to sit for the examinations.
We were not aware that part of our land belonged to the Airfield.
Some schools were so disappointed with bad results.
A business can get a loan to overcome the financial crisis.
She scored the highest points in the game yesterday.
Five schools participated in the swimming competition.
He now faces charges of beating the police.
Countries have discovered various vaccines that can be used to fight against coronavirus.
He was lying on the sofa watching television.
I have renewed my contract with the company.
Clan leaders make decisions on behalf of fellow clan members.
People are advised to eat protein-rich foods such as meat and fish.
It protested the murder of Job Ebyarishanga and Bosco Tuhirwe.
She has some relatives in Tanzania.
Let go of things that do not take you forward.
Two team members fought after the football match.
He is nearing the end of his speech.
The cement firm helped set up a cancer center run by the Coastal General Hospital.
The councillor educated the masses about the dangers of alcohol consumption.
Agriculture can be done on a small scale.
She is writing an essay about coronavirus.
How much funds were allocated to the health sector this financial year?
Many people copy the behaviours of musicians.
The district will extend the sexual reproductive health services to the people.
The president did not attend the ceremony.
We have heard of some legislators breaking a government institution’s regulations.
Some leaders don't do what they are assigned to do.
He appeared before the disciplinary committee last evening.
A new generator will be installed at the factory.
Increased population leads to competition over the available resources.
The man is trying to get a better place for his daughter.
He would use his workers to get the job done.
The opposition helps the western donors who give them money.
Days later, on October twentieth, two thousand, Besigye dropped another surprise on Winnie
The garden has diseased tomato plants.
This is one of the best poems that has ever been written.
As the song played on the radio, she sang along.
Pupils should be promoted on merit.
The leaders informed teachers to ensure career guidance and lesson planning.
There is a water shortage in our home area.
The new Members of Parliament will be sworn in today.
These slopes have fertile soil which is good for farming.
She complained about the poor working conditions.
Under what conditions are by-elections held?
Radio and television are broadcasting from a single source.
The organization has given us disease-resistant cassava stems.
Makerere University postponed its graduation ceremony because of the pandemic.
The zoo has been closed because of the total lockdown on the country.
Suspected cases are monitored for fourteen days.
There is a high demand for coffee
In some police forces, certain attitudes condone various forms of misconduct.
We don't have money.
He ate beef suspected to have tapeworms.
The education sector requires funding.
We are still waiting for the investigation report from the police.
No one knows when the pandemic will completely end.
The law safeguards wives in family sharing after divorce.
What causes people to abandon office?
He was forced to explain how he got all that money.
Northern Uganda held many festivals last week.
They have prepared good and healthy accommodation for the guests.
Some vendors do not have any records about their business at all.
Do not go on threatening people around.
We attended a fashion show over the weekend.
My brother is a songwriter even though he cannot sing.
He returned without his car because it had been stolen.
The baker used a motorcycle to deliver my birthday cake because of traffic jam.
Rent goes for far less as one moves away from prime locations.
His father retired from the ministry last Friday.
Let us work together to achieve our set goals.
The majority of the people are still struggling to get vaccinated.
The pandemic killed many people in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The head of intelligence would not call personally to direct such a mission with a stranger.
He joined the football team to please his father.
The quality of health services is still poor in Uganda.
I agree with the settlement terms in this country.
Parents should involve children in productive activities like farming.
The minimum wage for an employee in Uganda is six thousand Ugandan shillings.
Politicians have the power to develop a nation.
Uganda is rich in various minerals.
You have many things to work on.
The army was deployed in Somalia.
The fertility rate has remained constant since the last population census.
It is a sad chapter in the history of the National Resistance Movement.
The author of that book wrote about the rise and fall of that kingdom.
Doctors should wear face masks and gloves to protect themselves against coronavirus.
The examinations body has released the results.
The Italian missionaries failed to pay for the lease over the land.
The body was recovered on a Monday morning.
What are the symptoms of that disease?
Why did companies lay off some of their workers during the pandemic?
The Chinese government insisted that they did not manufacture the coronavirus to attack America.
What is your room number?
He said that the plan to reopen schools is still under debate.
He was the youngest player on the volleyball team.
The teacher punished her for speaking vernacular during school hours.
Professionals have experience in what they do and are academically qualified.
She is expecting her pension very soon.
The government should reduce borrowing and use local revenue
Some of the locals were panicking.
Our manager is a mother of three beautiful girls.
The lizard would be in the water to eat fish.
The Catholic Archbishop died this year.
There is no other way to solve this problem.
Proper guidance from elders is essential for the survival of savings clubs.
Parents have invested in educating their children.
Why are you disappointed?
They were relocated to a more spacious land.
Veterinary officers have supported animal keepers across the nation.
Primary broadcasters of the matches lost their rights when the agreement was canceled.
Many patients were admitted last week.
Uganda's first mobile phone has been commissioned by Museveni
To attach meaning to your words, act on them.
The government said there will be more jobs available to graduates next year.
This land is not for sale.
The Albert Nile is really wide.
He has a lot of friends around town.
The district officials have to simplify water accessibility for the people.
The rescue team arrived on time to evacuate the people.
Police abuse in Kenya has shown a significant increase over the years.
Some cases are referrals for purposes of the law.
There is a certain procedure to follow when borrowing money from the bank.
The money was lost in the seventy-four-kilometer Mukono Katosi Road.
He has scored forty-five goals in total ever since he started playing soccer.
Do you have the evidence that the accused committed this crime?
My parents extended my curfew to nine o'clock in the evening.
The data indicate that military expenditure in Rwanda increased by two thousand eighteen.
The community should be involved in district demarcation.
Some of the government officials in Uganda are just appointed into office.
Teenagers need sex education before it's too late.
The vegetable garden is a source of income to the family.
Marriage life has changed a lot in this generation.
Uganda has international relations with China.
We do not know the guest of honour.
The president cannot remove them from office.
People in Uganda are now forging national identity cards.
A communications officer is in charge of communication.
Which program did you apply for?
The tickets for today's football match are very expensive.
Recently, other political groups have fulfilled the strict requirements.
The Ministry of Health received donations from several organizations in the fight against coronavirus.
Her daughter has been missing for more than a week.
More money has been allocated to disaster preparedness.
The government has provided funds for accommodating the refugees.
She is warming up the food for dinner.
She is earning money from motorcycles.
People should behave during campaigns.
Discussions should be done healthily.
If you had believed so, it is clear that you were wrong.
As a member of parliament, what is your role?
How much is a fifty kilogram sack of sugar?
Uganda is represented in East Africa's legislative assembly.
Sudan got its first female foreign minister.
The visitors praised our various traditional foods they tasted.
What should be done to conserve the environment?
The eyewitnesses were invited to court to testify.
We helped him push his car off the road.
Tenants need protection from the landlord's oppression.
Lack of tuition fees is one great challenge faced by students.
Piggery is a good business for me to invest in.
Teachers inspire and encourage us to strive for greatness.
The newspaper has published job vacancies in the Ministry of Health.
The government took over the land illegally.
Her work license was officially canceled.
Teachers are advised to stay away from loans.
The coronavirus pandemic has disrupted the seasonal market activities.
Some opposition members were elected to represent Uganda in the East African Legislative Assembly.
Some farmers should specialise in crops while others in animals.
She provides paralegal services to victims of sexual violence.
He is a dedicated rugby fan.
My husband knew that I had been raped but never said anything.
On average how long do police investigations take?
I broke my right arm in the accident.
The measles outbreak is in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The need for better livelihood leads to the creation of better policies for homeless people.
There are over thirty people in the choir.
Cultural leaders should play a part in sex education.
His son was also among the people that were arrested last night.
Raising children is not an easy task.
The court has asked for the evidence.
My husband works from home.
Record keeping is essential in farming.
Super League has become a professional football team.
The president has the power to appoint the vice president.
We want a peaceful transition of power.
I don’t want to listen to your excuses.
Farmers should be careful about what their animals eat in the dry season.
These allow them to capture the masses.
The communities have been empowered with agricultural skills.
The police are on ground to find out who shot the policeman.
They are needed by local manufacturing companies to sustain production
The electoral commission did not consult stakeholders when portraying the election road map.
The police give custody to suspects.
Many people lost their lives during the war.
There is a statue in the middle of the park.
Many of my classmates would like to study in Greece.
The government hopes the two tribes get equal representation.
The Cable Operator offers affordable, reliable, and quality internet connectivity.
More life jackets should be provided to users of water transport.
What is the date today?
Audit reports are very important in managing and running a business.
We thought that the schools will be reopening next week.
What causes domestic violence in homes?
The number of school dropouts is so high.
Drinking unclean water causes water borne diseases.
The judge can dismiss any court case.
Two health workers tested positive for the virus.
Some employers are using coronavirus losses as an excuse to terminate employee contracts.
She made a fire inside the cave with the door firmly shut.
Mobile money and social media are to be taxed.
Prevention is better than cure against coronavirus.
The defendant may be dead before the next court meeting.
What is your favorite television show?
Private bodaboda owners should also adhere to the road safety guidelines
The mobile maker listed its shares on Shanghai Stock Exchange, China, last October.
There are lots of challenges faced in preserving forests.
Electricity has various benefits but it can equally be dangerous.
The maximum number of people allowed to move in a private car is three.
People with double standards are not reliable.
Radio Uganda will provide diversity and flexibility for cable company customers.
Some footballers use their earnings to help those in need within their communities.
The law will be revised.
Thanks to living veterans who serve their country.
They at first told us it would only take forty-eight hours to sort out.
They are planning a surprise birthday party.
The compound will look nice if well designed.
The judges have a lot of unfinished work.
Every business must file a tax return.
She was previously convicted of the same offense.
We should write a letter to thank our supporters.
Unfortunately, his mother died in the accident.
The army has been able to stabilise Uganda's borders.
Two women were killed.
The first hospital buildings were erected last year.
I have been raising queen bees for a long time.
They complained about the bad governance.
There are around five thousand elephants in Uganda today.
After failing to pay rent, he moved to the village.
The citizens want new leadership.
One can either be tested negative or positive for cancer.
Her life improved when she got a job.
Biting flies can smell their prey from three hundred feet away.
Coronavirus patients who tested negative were discharged from the hospital in Entebbe.
We drove to the hospital yesterday.
Parents were fined five thousand shillings for not sending their children to school.
Am laying on my bed.
That woman sells her rice at a cheap price.
The soldiers should not be accepted without question.
What is the role of the parliament?
I am sorry for abusing you.
He died of malaria.
This method is laughed at as old-fashioned.
She has an attractive smile.
Some citizens do not like to pay tax.
The Kabaka of Buganda is a wealthy man.
We are in dangerous times.
The friends get together once a month to pray.
The union`s request was not considered.
On Sundays, I watch ongoing television programs.
Most people buy newspapers after reading some interesting headlines.
Leaders in South Sudan are working hard to solve people's problems.
More teachers will be provided in the government schools.
At the time of his death, he was the chairman of the Uganda Human Rights Commission.
My neighbor is a soldier.
That is the largest town in our region.
Girls experience body changes when they get into the adolescent stage.
The football supporters laughed at their opponent's loss.
How many players are needed in a basketball team?
Measles is a contagious viral disease.
More transparency is needed to account for procured health equipment.
Nationals have planted many trees for commercial purposes.
Because of her kind heart, she felt her people needed the ambulance.
Onduparaka lost to Kampala capital city authority by two goals to nothing.
Who is responsible for the lost guns?
People paid five thousand shillings for energy-saving bulbs.
The focus should be put on agricultural development.
He sells men's shirts only.
There is a continuous rise in the number of people with coronavirus disease.
Communities need to be sensitized about the prevailing human rights.
Cross-border movement between Uganda and Kenya is a result of the elections.
Women now occupy positions of power unlike before.
They arrested whoever was striking.
The soldier impregnated the girl.
Why are you using a lot of words to talk about yourself?
It is one of the few schools I went to in my high school days
His opponent dropped out of the science competition the night before.
The scientists will explore how the parasite is involved in metabolic control.
Tell the manager to increase our salaries.
When I was in the village, I used to pump borehole water.
Responsible leaders need to be awarded.
Drug abuse has led to many deaths in the entertainment industry.
The prosecutor couldn't answer the judge's question.
The health minister has emphasized the need to have good regional hospitals.
Surveillance cameras have been put in place.
The diocese covers six districts.
They attended a party in the middle of the town.
She is one of the prominent human rights activists.
They volunteered to sweep the streets this week.
Only half of the cattle survived the disease.
The firm has been in operation for more than two decades in Hima.
Alcohol-based sanitizers can be used to reduce coronavirus infections.
Murder suspects are to appear before the court today.
There are disagreements amongst the church leaders.
Tessa Diphoorn is Assistant Professor, Utrecht University.
When did you retire?
The village elders will help in sensitizing the community about the dangers of alcohol.
She suddenly left before the party ended.
I employ over thirty workers on my farm.
Ugandans are always happy when they see white people.
The memorial service took place at the Cathedral last Friday.
Jogging helps us cut down some fat in the body.
The telecom giant gives better rates to call within its network.
Uganda gets more money from foreign organisations than from its taxes.
The village chairperson submitted a list of the vulnerable people who are eligible to receive the relief funds.
Students with a school fees balance will not sit for the examinations.
He won the fight.
More members are encouraged to donate to the refugees.
Some farmers do not have enough money to support their farms.
The locals cut down the trees to create space for their gardens.
The long-awaited football match is finally here.
Are there any health risks involved in tobacco growing>
The couple courted for six months before getting married.
Women always feel segregated.
The loss came after the independence of South Sudan.
What are the conditions of borrowing money from a bank?
It is expected to improve the lives of people in this region.
All security officers are legally allowed to hold and use guns while on duty.
The religious leaders have sensitized people to spend wisely in this festive season.
He plays the piano in our church.
Religious leaders serve both God and man.
The government has built a new road in my district.
The president encouraged the women to start small-scale businesses to support their families.
Priests are ordained to serve God.
This is regarding ethnicity to the extent that it gets involved in the conflict.
His wife teaches their children discipline.
I love smelling good.
A good number of games will be played.
People always struggle to achieve their dreams.
Kabaka significantly aided Museveni's Luweero bush war.
There are conflicts between the teachers, parents and the headteachers.
The survey exercise should be stopped.
I didn’t understand what the security guard said.
All refugees were requested to register.
What time does the news start?
Brigitte Baptiste is a chancellor at the Universidad Ean in Bogota
In boarding schools, children sleep in dormitories.
Unity is all that we need.
The locals are advised to eat a balanced diet to boost their immunity during the pandemic.
Different means of communication are used to educate farmers about pest outbreaks.
The University will boost education in Northern Uganda.
Old people have a lot of stories to tell because they have seen a lot.
The personal story of the artist gives an interesting dimension to his exhibition.
What is your response to this?
Even though she was thirsty, she took only two sips of water.
She spoke to the children's doctor at the hospital.
I am retiring without that accumulation of wealth.
His parents demanded an investigation into his murder case.
Forests help in rainfall formation which makes our crops grow.
School dropouts are more common in rural areas.
It is better for a landlord to have a land title.
Take a look at this new car I have bought.
The organization carries out special operations.
He sold his land to his friend at one billion Uganda shillings.
The whole family decided to break down the house and reconstruct it again.
A number of Asians are operating businesses in Uganda.
She was given five local beehives.
Some men do not want to take up the responsibility of being a father.
Academic exchange programs help strengthen ties between institutions.
There is no evidence that he beat his wife.
Parents marry off their young daughters in exchange for bride price.
Many businesses no longer have money to continue.
The local leaders are supposed to reach out to the people on the ground.
Children from that family resemble each other.
There are no border terminals which makes screening difficult.
People are to follow instructions provided by the government
The district committee planned on expanding the central market.
What are you looking at?
I am one of the founders of the hospital.
Countries sent representatives to play in the different Olympic games.
They were released on bail.
At Infinix, we are committed to bringing the latest technologies to young consumers.
District officials should strategise and improve the performance of children in schools.
Whose car is that?
It shall make their views on important issues known to Parliament.
Another factor, solidarity seems to have been in play too.
Many parents were complaining about the fees increment.
Christians go to church on Sunday for prayers.
The government borrows money from other countries
Students had to first confirm if their schools had been allowed to operate.
The police have set up a roadblock to track the prisoner who escaped from jail.
He opened another branch to help with the overpopulation problem.
I was looking at the pictures in the album.
She does not want to work for anyone again.
Many Ugandans know how to speak English.
Those who were hurt by the suspects will be investigated.
The hall was locked.
What do students study in college?
His son will be his successor.
This movie is interesting.
They didn't get accountability for the dialogue.
I am looking for a new shop attendant.
Failure to refund money that is not yours can cause you problems.
Students should get knowledge about sexual education.
My father owns a sugar mill in the village.
The defendant would be able to respond to the charges in court on Monday.
I swept and mopped the floor in the morning.
Some people are not talented at sports.
We need more hospitals that can treat cancer.
The cashier disappeared with the company money worth five hundred Ugandan shillings.
There is a change in rain patterns because of environmental degradation.
What are the basic needs of a family?
Politicians and public servants should make proper decisions for the people.
Residents in Arua district have engaged in business activities.
Let us congratulate Ugandans representing the country at the start of the Independence week.
Currently, there are many music schools in Uganda compared to previous years.
It is a good opportunity for those with established businesses to tap on.
We are going to tour around Lake Victoria.
People are not allowed in the taxi park.
Uganda is gifted with several species in animals.
The leaders are happy with the new project.
The public helps security in fighting crime.
He sent me the money a day later.
The group of friends joined resources and started a charity organization.
A Sheikh teaches Islam to fellow Muslims.
The heavy rains destroyed his maize plantation.
What are the benefits of music nominations?
People with disabilities were well represented.
The court session was held today.
What role is played by the permanent secretary?
Farmers' groups will be exempted from paying taxes.
He was released on bail.
She must meet the committee.
The ministry of lands should hold peace talks among the district leaders.
The government will provide ambulances countrywide.
His father used to work with us.
Bamburi Cement's operation is located ten kilometers from Mombasa.
Child kidnapping has become common in Uganda.
Churches have many income-generating activities.
A healthy breakfast helps students to do better in school.
I know a few verses from the Bible.
The judge is expected to make biased free decisions.
This will balance the representation of all people.
Let’s get a little more serious.
This number has been growing at a rate of two percent in every election.
The judge has not given his judgement yet.
He is one of the best football players in this country.
He said it changed for health workers, patients and families.
The residents are disappointed that the government has not supported them.
In West Africa, over five hundred health workers died.
The deceased will be buried in his ancestral village.
Let no one confuse you about this.
Some business owners try to dodge paying taxes.
We read a number of African storybooks in the literature class.
Refugees were registered in the national identity card registration exercise.
The refugees have been warned to stay in Uganda for their own security.
Where has your son gone?
I experienced severe labour pain.
He fell into the swimming pool and drowned.
Your wife needs financial support at this time.
Many parents paid school fees for their children.
Some drug addicts have been imprisoned from other countries.
My daughter scored fifteen points out of twenty on the English test.
Some people don't have confidence in courts of law.
Organizations are researching the effects of tobacco.
Technology has influenced change in the production sector.
I visited the Namugongo shrines last martyr's day.
It's the taxpayer's money that is wasted when the government loses a court case.
They carried the body into the office of the African insurance company.
The procedure took four hours.
Our case has been forwarded to the High Court.
One can switch work from one organisation to another.
Trees hold the soil particles firmly together to avoid cracks that may cause a landslide.
That is where I came from
The church will take care of the orphans' school fees.
Children are not allowed in the deep end of the swimming pool.
It is a very good plan for the future of our country.
Efforts were made to find out the truth behind this conflict.
Women and men are so vulnerable.
He trained some women in the media.
Government has promised to increase teachers' salaries next year.
Researchers, professors and other experts write journals.
The president acquired support when he returned the people of West Nile from exile.
She was educating mothers on the importance of breastfeeding.
Computer usage is one of the lessons taught in schools these days.
We believe that prayer can change things.
Cancer remains a silent killer in Uganda; therefore, we should all be screened.
Time management is very important during a court hearing.
She put on a traditional dress made from barkcloth during the beauty pageant.
She empowered girls and women to fight against the problem of gender inequality.
Uganda Revenue Authority is in charge of collecting taxes in Uganda.
You should give generously.
Second-hand clothes are cheaper.
Let's meet tomorrow at church.
The culprit was arrested instantly.
The most obvious avenues he cites for increasing financing are through sponsorship.
My neighbor gave birth to twins.
If you do not abide by the law, you might be arrested.
Farmers should not only think about their local markets.
The suspect looked apologetic.
She spoke with one of the farmers who lost their crops in the flood.
Have you paid your water bills?
Police should always try to be tolerant of the citizens.
The platform has brought bodaboda men to work together and improve their welfare.
Some people turned against the power project because the resident was promised a house.
People should advocate for changes in the tax policy.
Maybe after the elections, we shall be able to see some changes.
Those men were fighting for a bottle of water.
Even after the war, few cases are reported to the authorities.
She could not tell her mother that she was pregnant.
The headteacher directed all sick students to be sent home immediately.
He wore his best clothes to the interview.
She climbed the tree to pick mangoes.
Uganda protests the murder of its nationals.
In other areas, the National Resistance Movement functionaries are too powerful to lose.
Productivity increased with subsidies on agricultural products.
The district ambulance lacks fuel.
Schools have encouraged parents to send their children to school.
Tanks and heavy artilleries are used in the demonstrations.
A five hundred kilovolts generator was installed to boost power generation.
The Ministry involved stakeholders to discuss the way forward for agriculture.
Bring facts, show that they cheated, and we shall repeat the elections if need be.
How can we enforce justice?
Retired judges were called back due to the many pending cases in the ministry.
I am officially handing over to the very capable Elly Karuhanga.
The government is determined to fight hunger and famine.
That type of tree is very rare to find.
Rice grains are eaten as food.
Schools are inspected to see whether they meet education standards.
There should always be support for players.
Outreaches on good agricultural practices will be carried out.
There is a beehive in the forest.
He was summoned by the anti-corruption unit for further investigations.
The women turned to look at the handsome man.
What is the local name for barkcloth?
We believe that life is a blessing from God.
The factory needs more labor.
The National Revolutionary Movement for Development had been removed.
People refused to vacate the areas near the river bank.
What innovations came out of Nile Breweries last year?
How much pocket money do your parents give you?
The district will coordinate all project activities.
Three banks have closed due to the pandemic.
District funds can be diverted to economic projects aimed at poverty eradication
A request for a holiday has been given to the leader.
Cities are planned for.
Because of the poor performance, parents are forced to change their children schools.
Many children die of vaccine-preventable diseases.
The spread of coronavirus disease has been low this week.
Product prices are always low on Black Friday.
The chairman apologized to the committee for his recent bad conduct.
The doctors in public hospitals sometimes work for over twelve hours.
Many people refused to discuss politics.
Some of those who were arrested are innocent.
Other players live in Kampala.
The incident will forever be remembered.
Kenya's currency is still higher than Uganda's currency.
She claims credit for the Railway Protection Force's achievements.
Her sister was shot in the chest.
The number of Muslims is increasing.
She sent a picture of her baby to her parents.
The police have fired teargas to disperse the Muslims.
She ordered her maid to mop the entire house.
No one is going to help you in carrying that bag.
Some musicians sing songs that provoke others to quarrel with them.
Some hotels are very expensive.
We need prayers in our daily lives.
He had a conversation with their boss.
He was cooling the baby's tea.
That boutique sells ladies' clothes.
A few coronavirus patients were discharged.
Many animals died of anthrax.
He took his children for a Deoxyribonucleic Acid test.
On average, how many tourists visit Uganda in a year
What rights are refugees entitled to in the country?
Wetlands control flooding.
The immigration department is responsible for regulating travel in and out of Uganda.
Am marrying a second wife.
The government has been called upon to revise the taxes.
Organizations are coming up to sensitize people to stop smoking.
He will make sure that everyone follows the rules.
Many people lost their loved ones in the attack last month.
The church lost another member.
The movie theatre industry is growing in Uganda.
They should speed up the identification of coronavirus patients.
He was thanked for returning the money to parliament.
The school has more than five hundred learners.
The baby has soft hands.
I am not a member of that football team.
Why were monuments built in the past?
He joined the rebels to get access to firearms.
She doesn't respect the culture.
Men should meet the basic needs of their families.
The doctors carry out several tests to determine the patients' illness before the treatment.
That local organization has sponsored women in the development of vocational skills.
Not a single family member of Oyite Ojok is traceable to any serious activity
The police recorded statements from there.
Television providers could target specific interests with specialized channels.
The brewery company uses the water in the production processes.
The manager of that bank was imprisoned for stealing money from customers' accounts.
She is very passionate about playing basketball.
He is the first prisoner to be released this morning.
Their level of sophisticated equipment went beyond that of a rebel outfit
Most of the bars have shut down because of the pandemic.
Couples planning to get married should know a lot of things before their wedding.
People no longer mind about others but prioritise selfish interests.
His friends hid him from the police.
She has been under self-isolation for a week.
I do not think my cousin is this greedy.
The findings give clues to potential weak points in the pathway.
Today's function has attracted more guests compared to the one of last year.
No people are living at the top of the mountain.
There is limited access to the building which is under construction.
Animals lack enough water.
Farmer cooperatives usually seek collective market for farmers' produce.
The two raids are not isolated incidents.
Where did you get the permission from?
We need to dedicate some time to commune with God.
Government has constructed boreholes to reduce the water problem.
We hold a party every new year's eve.
Who burned the bus to ashes?
Chaos and violence is an indicator that there are misunderstandings among people.
The emergency phase was a stressful one.
The district has built new classrooms in all government schools in the community.
The platform is now free for use without fear for those managing it.
We should follow the country's rules and regulations.
Oil companies need to explain all their policies in local languages.
The district management has failed to make road changes to adapt to new conditions.
The bomb killed eighty five people.
He is the district chairperson.
It takes the best player to win a game.
He asked for the price of a new bicycle.
He went into hiding after reportedly embezzling funds.
That man was arrested for stealing my phone.
People came to save the girl from drowning.
Uganda's first mobile factory is to provide more jobs for the youth
The president praised the deceased for his dedication to serving this country.
Boreholes are an important source of water in rural areas.
The competition is not only on beers but the entire beverage sector.
The launch will take place tomorrow.
Our school was among the list of schools the government-funded to this year.
Churches are essential for university development.
The cameras were installed in trading centres.
Technological advancement has been of great benefit to in the medical sector.
His brother is better than him at dancing.
Why do you think men mistreat their wives?
Some Ugandans cannot access good hospitals for treatment.
The budget was read during the conference.
The government established refugee camps .
In addition to the roads that have been completed, power is also critical.
We need to do tests in the laboratory.
Most people are scared of going to hell after death.
The officer was arrested.
How long is the president's term in the United States?
The stranger greeted her but she did not answer.
He shot the bird with a stone from his slingshot.
Why are people's cars stolen?
Kasaija told The Independent that the process to appoint the new administrator had started.
The lorry was carrying alcohol and drugs.
He wants to oust him without any excuses.
The media center is headed by the government spokesperson.
Having high expectations can lead to disappointments.
He has taken his son to school.
A grieving family took their relative's corpse in a body bag to the office.
Foreign investors were invited into the country.
The storm destroyed people's homes.
He had bruises on his face but let us wait for the medical report.
The Queen of Britain inherited the throne from her father.
The meeting was cancelled because the speaker was sick.
Who is the greatest athlete ever?
I like that dark blue dress.
The government is fundraising money to buy insecticides.
Tribal leaders can win favor amongst their communities for the ruling party
The hospitals lack qualified medical personnel to handle women in labour.
Lawyers assist their clients on issues concerning the law.
Waswa Ziritwawula, a representative from the Democratic Party, resigned from the National Resistance Council.
Moyo general hospital was rehabilitated in two thousand seventeen.
My decision to repeat senior six was to improve on my grades.
People should embrace the development because it comes with positive aspects and impacts.
Farmers in the district are counting losses after a prolonged dry spell.
Boys should be trained so that they engage in commercial activities.
The district lacks funds to inform people about the dangers of yellow fever.
They broke tables in the school and started a strike against the teachers.
Some people hardly have enough food to eat.
A power-sharing feeling is felt when a tribe has enough representation in government
A team gets three points for every win in the national football league.
That classroom has been divided into two sections.
He sold high-quality sandals in his shop.
The country had presidential elections in January this year.
The dogs are tied up in the kennel during the day.
Burundi accuses Rwanda of backing rebels opposed to the Bujumbura government
Through elections, the community will choose a leader they want.
I'm tired of going to the office every Monday.
This is the reason for sexy women in their paintings.
The director of the hospital was so grateful for the donations made.
He believes an end will be achieved through reorganizing the organizational heads.
I can afford to buy that house.
People should think of ways of making money.
The Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo has spread since August twenty-eighteen.
She contested for miss Uganda in two thousand eighteen.
He said the authorities did not help during the raid.
That was the easiest football game they have played this season
The secretary looked through the file before giving it to her boss.
Projects take a given period of time to be implemented.
Members of Parliament will consult their constituencies to address concerns.
Refugees need moral support.
Women must be submissive to their husbands.
We shall play a friendly match with the other team.
Land in Uganda belongs to its citizens.
The Young African Male politician of the year was organized by the African Leaders Summit.
What is capital punishment?
The preachings are based on Jesus' Bible teachings.
The youth will spearhead the development programs.
Roadworks are causing a lot of traffic jam in the city.
It regularly exposes cases of fraud, malpractice, and corruption.
Facts are proved to be true.
Have you been to any hills in Uganda?
Very many people have lost their jobs during the lockdown.
What are some of the challenges affecting the economy of Uganda?
In the past, women were not allowed to own property.
Sometimes our father does not come back at home.
Some of the locals lost their homes after the landslide.
People were many, and others watched from the projector.
They staged a number of protests during his regime.
They are working on having the ambulances released.
If one of the components requires repair, the vehicle is unsafe to drive.
Forget your past and look forward.
Their doubts are reduced by the powerful pictures that show clear messages.
We had a reunion party at school
Landslides are common in mountainous areas.
Women who are victims of war crimes hardly get attention from policymakers.
The youths' workshop was well organised.
My mother cleared that land to plant maize.
Flowers are used for decoration on different occasions.
God is the creator of the universe.
The teachers requested for government aid in the schools.
Good quality work done speaks louder than the academic papers.
What do sub-county chiefs do?
Wash hands with soap and water to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
The office premises were disinfected in order to kill the coronavirus.
Uganda exports its agricultural produce to countries like South Sudan.
Its operations management was taken over by the International Federation of Football Associations
I found a frog on top of that table.
The vaccination will start with health workers.
The district leaders discouraged the people from cutting down trees.
It is very difficult to achieve income equality in the country.
She carried some blankets to the campfire.
African government spent an estimate of two point two percent on global military
They move long distances to access water.
read the history of Europe in the 19th century to learn about corruption
Regular sensitization is a measure to eliminate malnutrition in families.
Collective responsibility will help improve students' academic performance.
Some parts of this country still have people living miserably.
She followed the doctor's instructions and started eating more fruits.
The patients were discharged from the hospital.
Since the two thousand one election, Besigye has stood three more times against Museveni.
Has the electoral commission confirmed the polling date?
It can also result in the denial of promotions or outright punishment.
The Confederation of African Football did not open the rights to competitive bidding.
She does not tolerate any nonsense.
He realized I was not going to die.
He managed to organize a good party.
Online gambling is banned in Singapore and Cambodia.
Lagardere should seek compensation.
Crops like rice, millet, and others grow in wetlands.
Teams were formed to help in sensitizing beekeeping in the community.
She is the first self-made millionaire from her family.
All the football players who were not on the field were expected to wear masks and gloves.
There is no one like you in this world.
Twenty-two lives were claimed in a fatal road accident.
He is result-oriented.
Adults should watch over the children while they are playing on the swings.
Learning enables children to grow fast.
How many people who have died of coronavirus?
They had other assignments.
Professor Peter is the one who described Ebola.
He rarely argues with people.
Students who use digital gadgets perform worse in exams.
The university staff is professional.
Anthrax affects animals, as well.
We take different paths in life.
He was arrested for sexual abuse.
Taxes are used to provide services to people
People now have small gardens in their compounds.
How many guests were invited to attend the party?
Why is it so difficult for some people to tell the truth?
World widely people can interact via social media.
Rose Kaggwa revealed that the latest graduation attracted three hundred twenty-three graduates.
She wrote an apology letter to me.
He dismissed the question initially.
Most taxi drivers are indisciplined.
This triggered the Libyan authorities to bow out of the Uganda Telecom business.
The private sector is rich enough to fund individuals who represent its interests.
All the casualties were rushed to the hospital.
The village has lost a very important person.
He lost interest in the conversation.
The more the available health centres, the better the health services.
The two students scored first grade in the primary leaving examination.
The politician was confident that he would be re-elected for a third term.
He denied his daughter food.
Affected families were given food and clothes.
Information on how to grow citrus fruits and vegetables is very useful for farmers.
The district funds have been secured.
He is a qualified doctor.
Doctors need free accommodation as an incentive
Who has opened that door?
People are quarantined in expensive hotels.
He earns little money from his current job.
Have you dug the holes where we shall plant the trees?
What do you suggest?
Many youths have decided to join politics in Kampala.
Many businesses have made losses because of the lockdown.
You can read more about it.
The pillars support the building.
I believe that our team will win the football match.
We decline to grant the declaration on the bias as prayed.
Politics have led to rivalry between the two regions.
There are some organizations that offer voluntary services.
The bishop's burial ceremony will take place at his home tomorrow.
Building partnerships with corporate bodies is important.
Most people who claim compensation for injury feel entitled.
The teachers blamed the students for spreading wrong rumours.
The driver lost control and knocked two people walking on the road.
Tanzania attained middle-income status last year.
Refugees have been provided with food to eat in this pandemic.
Elsie Attafuah launched United Nations Development Programme Accelerator Lab Uganda worth eight billion shillings.
Marriage holy and acceptable before God
The alternative of a real democratic agenda is rooted in the pursuit of social justice.
Unity brings about economic development due to stability.
The Olympic games have to be postponed for health reasons.
The government officials had different stories about the missing money.
Surgeons are very rare in hospitals hence creating a huge demand
Members of a student association can take part in agriculture.
There is high traffic on the toll-free lines.
The ministry declared the country free from ebola after a massive check-up.
They did not add any females to the technical team.
Which payment should I use?
Entrepreneurial skills among farmers help to increase their revenue.
The government should increase the money allocated for district budgets
Stop playing in the rain.
Health care in the Northern region has improved compared to previous years.
Kampala capital city authority has the squad depth in the league.
People should always promote their culture.
She resorted to piggery when she lost her job during the pandemic.
Some cultures limit women on what they should do.
Uganda should export good quality agricultural produce.
The Media Challenge Awards were held at Serene Hotel on November twenty-fourth.
He ignored the question that I asked him.
She hangs her clothes on the line to dry.
That girl was allowed to continue with her studies after giving birth.
The driver was arrested thirty hours later.
The availability of funds depends on the financial status of their charitable organization.
The children could not play from outside because of the muddy ground.
How much does a litre of milk cost?
Uganda has bought two new passenger planes.
Kojan conceptualized it after.
There should be unity among East Africa countries.
We buy trees for planting on our land from the neighboring communities.
Guess who bought me the new pair of shoes.
The tourists failed to climb that hill.
Mobile phones are the preferred avenue for sports betting.
Economic forces predominate whereby there are shifts to economic opportunities.
Traveling costs have to be incorporated into the project.
Good acts are needed in every society.
She will be representing the government at the conference.
She was dissatisfied with the job.
To get the latest updates around Kampala you have to read newspapers.
The population estimates for the year twenty-ten are million people.
They are mobilizing the community with testing and counselling.
Hunger can lead to death.
It is a long process to access these loans.
We had a nice engagement yesterday.
The police has released a report on the cause of the fire.
The public has put pressure on the ministry of education and sports to reopen schools.
Malac always spoke out on other issues of press freedom and transparency in government.
The sermon was very touching.
The ministry of lands delayed opening its regional offices.
Vegetable growing has been adopted by many people hence increased vegetable oil production.
A good medical centre should provide all services required by patients.
The journalists tried to reach him, but all his phone numbers were off.
The kidnappers tortured him before dumping him in the forest.
People go to courts of law with the hope of obtaining justice.
You have said a lot of words.
He accused the National Resistance Movement of sectarianism.
A good player had to be physically and mentally fit at all times.
Kaggwa did his best under very difficult circumstances.
He has a lot of money saved on his bank account.
A refugee said he will now be able to feed his family of six.
The district should ensure that the ambulances serve their rightful purpose.
There are seven continents on planet earth.
The University council should work with students for the University to function to its best
Delays in investigations and evidence collection make court hearings take long.
Another barrier to justice is the lack of trust in the police.
Many Ugandans are leaving the country in search of a better life.
People love free services.
A new men's association has been formed.
The contention has mainly been on the way the electoral commission members are appointed.
My grandmother trained me on how to weave mats.
Women and men have equal opportunities in the media industry today.
Quarantining patients helps with diseases control.
Where are the girls playing from?
The president pledged to secure people's futures during the campaigns.
Women work twice as hard to earn the same respect as men.
Without the additional week, turnover would be eleven point one percent higher than last year.
The district lost millions of money in delayed infrastructure projects.
Uganda exploits natural resources to boost its economy.
The funds have been embezzled
All his chicken died of pneumonia.
Some government officials are falsely accused of corruption hence tarnishing their image
You should throw a party for your employees before this year ends.
Which treatment did the doctor give you?
The minister of Education made a report about the general performance of candidates.
The district leaders will be held accountable for the misuse of the ambulance.
Never share your bank pin with anyone.
It feels good to be loved.
There are many churches in our area.
The president provided land for the establishment of an athlete training facility.
He was presented with the challenge but did not resist it.
Women were introduced to different skills.
Mistakes need to be amended where possible.
I will book my flight ticket to Nairobi tomorrow.
The hospitals had a high-level isolation unit
They wanted to change the working environment of the teachers.
The recruitment process was smooth and successful.
They elected new regional leaders.
Confederation of African football should reopen bidding for the rights.
What were the objectives of the Rural Electrification project in Uganda?
No action was taken despite the several complaints raised against him.
Poverty has increased among Ugandans as a result of the pandemic.
Some men were arrested today.
The people in this area rely on the little money earned from stone quarrying.
The church funded the construction of the main road.
He did not like her dress code.
He attended the seminar when he was hungry.
Many farmers have left the practice.
I will not follow an illegal directive by the president.
They can’t afford to pay for electricity.
Children should be educated on how to avoid HIV and stay healthy.
The football federation gave instructions to the new team yesterday.
Breast cancer sensitization can be done in schools to reach larger groups of girls.
The district traders' association has provided all the chairs required for the function.
Journalists have condemned the suspension of their colleagues.
Schools find it hard to control spoilt children.
Who is the employee of the month?
Farmers should know that they reap what they sow.
They also discussed the solutions to the challenges school children face.
We need to be united even with our different political affiliations
Report any wrongdoing to the police.
The armed rebel militias had an anti-Rwanda mission.
The meeting was postponed because of an emergency.
Med Kaggwa of Uganda's human rights boss dies.
Many youths don't have fishing skills.
Condoms are cheap and easy to access.
The politics counting frame begins with getting on the voters' register.
The team was founded over one hundred years ago.
Deputy ambassador Zhao Baogang said immediately after the figures were released.
The University has branches in different countries of Africa.
Musicians can easily become famous.
We have guests today.
The officials should work together to enhance service provision in their respective districts.
Why do countries get involved in the politics of other countries?
It is dishonorable to report your husband to the police.
He is the chief organizer of the upcoming music event.
I do not trust his words anymore.
We have a football match today.
Over one thousand four hundred households were grouped in crowded tents.
The parliament has lost one of its comrades.
His infertility was due to a health problem.
The businessman lost the land case.
You are looking good today.
I found my brother playing a football game on his computer.
That team won the international football championship title.
An international organization organized fashion and design competitions among the youth in Uganda.
Market information for bananas should be given to all farmers.
You need proof before you take him to court.
There is a need to develop other regions in the country.
Some of the people have not received the money that the government promised to give them.
He headed the soccer ball straight into the goalpost.
What should I expect on the quiz?
All contracts were terminated by the business owner.
One has to be legally permitted to own a gun in Uganda.
Landlords need to be patient with their tenants.
She mimed the song for the audience.
I need to get a driving permit this year.
Many people confuse wheel alignment with wheel balancing.
The babies were underweight.
People should be informed about the dangers of tobacco.
I participate in sports to keep my body in shape.
Most offices have two security guards.
They plan to train people in several parts of the country.
Schools need to revise their meal plans and feed students on a balanced diet.
How do police officers communicate while in the field?
Vaccine-preventable disease surveillance responds to early outbreaks.
The guns were received after they received a resident tip.
All health workers were urged to perform their duties.
While in courts of law all the witnesses swore to the truth.
Her parents want a good husband for her.
We told the president about the poor health service delivery in our region.
He is Uganda's best football player.
People look at joining politics as a way of accumulating personal wealth.
Animal waste can be used as manure in the garden.
Congratulations to the health workers
Children with bad peer groups have higher chances of failing academically.
People should fulfil their family obligations.
He advised that it's less costly to use solar street lights.
There are many building projects in that district.
The government allocates twenty-five thousand shillings to elders every month.
She is a professional accountant.
Most children are introduced to drugs by their peers.
We are in the southern region of the country again.
This year's music video awards were postponed.
Certain goods should immediately be sold off.
Primary schools are performing poorly in the primary leaving examinations.
Gideon Bagawa said he is leaving the institution in good hands.
The couple does not talk to each other so often.
The defendant did not appear in court.
How often do you visit the bookshop?
Today, one can see party flags flying high at local offices.
She goes to witch doctors.
Music artists make most of their money through concerts and performances.
Legislators are unable to meet individual constituent financial demands on their income.
We grow mushrooms on our farm.
When will you be discharged from the hospital?
Domestic flights will be available.
People now prefer buying meat from the city abattoir to community butcheries.
The president does not like the police to use guns in public.
Infrastructures in the school contribute to the learning environment.
Our last born at home is fifteen years old.
The district council put a ban on commercial charcoal businesses.
The center for global health looks at ensuring health security by strengthening health systems.
The president is sick.
My uncle is a missionary preacher.
There is a lot of traffic jam at Namirembe road.
Forests help in rain formation.
Waste management is one of the environmental problems faced in Kampala today.
Illustrations used in the children's books attract them to read the stories in there.
The goalkeeper helped with the three points win for the school team.
The winner of the national election was announced hours after the election.
It would be good to add give some incentives to the policemen.
The former vice president solicited support for the President in West Nile.
Employers should avail retirement packages to their employees.
He enrolled in an engineering course at the university.
She removed her sweater because she was feeling hot.
More laboratory equipment has been purchased for the hospital.
With all the effort they put in, they managed to raise all the required funds.
The court hearing is tomorrow before noon.
High jump is a good game for tall people.
The police arrests wrongdoers.
My father is an alcoholic.
The boy does not have friends.
Government schools in our area performed well last year.
The aim is to give rise to football clubs that are professionally run.
Contagious diseases spread faster in overpopulated regions.
The tomato leaves are yellow and dry.
Four street vendors were killed yesterday during the chaos.
I have packed for you some food for the journey.
He wears a rosary on his neck every day.
The results for the previous semester were released today morning.
We ought to take God's ministry very seriously.
How can one be transparent?
Graphite in batteries degrades the environment when batteries are improperly disposed
Is that interview live?
I have a meeting with my boss today.
Other parties are there, but scarce so people do not know them.
Peaceful donation encourages other groups to help the refugees.
He chose not to comment about her dress code.
South Sudan, therefore, remains in a delicate position.
Vendors on the streets are ready to move to the new market.
The minister showed the president the progress in the Agricultural sector.
She is fond of giving excuses.
The company has branches in forty-eight districts across the country.
Obey the law, and you shall have no issues with the police.
The official date for reopening schools has not yet been communicated.
Some universities did not participate in last year's sports tournament.
Technology has simplified and eased life.
The lawyer wants the government to be condemned for its actions.
Besigye participated in political activities on the Ugandan scene since the late nineteen seventies.
Highlighting the mutual benefit of the partnership.
Many children in the country are orphans because of this disease.
Some people don't get fully paid after selling their land.
New ways of working have come up during the pandemic.
The performance of girls in that school has improved.
He added that it has always been necessary to build a more inclusive society.
Educational institutions are to be changed into treatment points.
We planted trees along the roadside.
However, the gun jammed and then the killer ran away.
My friend goes to the gym every day.
Uganda has several tourist centers.
The party's control by the state entered every aspect of people’s lives.
People lack the income to engage in business.
Fake insecticides are flooding the market these days.
Parents also play an important role in the student's school performance.
The districts need skilled and capable health workers to control tuberculosis.
People should register their land with the ministry lands.
He dismantled the phone in order to repair it.
The whole class went silent when I entered.
My sister applied for a teaching job at her former secondary school.
We have delayed reaching because the vehicle got stuck in the mud.
The football players are following the government's instructions to protect themselves against the virus.
Candidates are not allowed to campaign on the day of voting.
Let us listen to the advice from the expert.
They are now business partners.
As many were injured, the rest fled in confusion.
More money has been invested in farming.
There are no people in this building.
Some murder suspects were imprisoned.
Many youths are joining political parties.
The taxi park will increase mobility in the transport business.
I only managed to watch the news headlines.
I have also found working with media houses useful, especially newspapers.
The police told her to describe the appearance of the lost child.
He took time off to recover from the infection.
We need to be patient as we work towards improving our livelihoods
The cameras will enable monitoring of the performance of police officers.
He pays his house rent on a monthly basis.
The president warned police officials against torturing prisoners.
The community members really appreciated him.
The tourism sector in Uganda has been greatly affected by the pandemic.
Footballers use their legs to play with the ball.
Stockholm International Peace Research Institute Arms Transfer Database shows that Uganda purchases equipment from Russia.
The candidate has three wives and five children.
Some people do not have friends.
There is inflation in the food market.
Accidents have led to the death of many people.
When does the Africa Cup of Nations take place?
Most cultural practices tend to demote women's rights.
There are several Muslim families in Uganda.
Eight people are contesting for the office of president.
Russia leads in sales to Africa between two thousand seventeen and two thousand thirteen.
They have failed to deliver a response to the regime.
Technology has a role to play in the agricultural sector.
Mob violence should strongly be condemned as an innocent life may be lost
Efforts are being made to improve the health of people living near lake Victoria.
The government of Uganda has allocated income towards wastewater treatment.
Some diseases come as a result of poor hygiene.
Private schools had very good results.
She walked while singing to herself.
My brother is sad because his favorite team lost the soccer match.
Uganda needs a good data privacy policy.
He is worried about the burglaries happening in the area.
Peace will prevail in the districts.
The meeting was chaired by the company manager.
Temporary shelters are not permanent.
By attending bride and groom events you get exposed to new things.
Let us talk about something different.
Campaigns can be carried out harmoniously by political parties without accusations.
Some locals nominated him for the position of village chairperson.
Those security officials don't know the law.
Pastors lead believers of the born-again faith.
What must be included in a city structural plan?
He spent a lot of money on that bag.
That style of dancing has become famous lately.
The mob disorganized the entire event.
They believe it is incomplete and supports the ruling party.
He was missing two lower teeth which left a gap.
His first task was to hire new employees to replace the old ones.
Politicians use corruption to build electoral and governing coalitions
The health research was submitted to the policymakers.
Seasons come and go.
In Uganda, refugees have a right to education, work, private property, and healthcare.
There was a doctor who claimed ownership of that land.
Information on weather forecasts and preparation of the garden for planting.
The police have started arresting people who have not followed the established procedures.
Health workers have limited knowledge about tuberculosis.
The police took the dead body to the hospital for further investigation.
The boxes are too heavy for them to carry.
My husband used to beat me.
The build-up to the inauguration ceremony is taking shape.
She was rescued by soldiers and taken to hospital.
Musando says similar work is going on at Hima though not extensive as in Kenya.
Fourteen players make up a football team.
Other choices can have a long-term impact.
Do you know how to play rugby?
The government should lower the retirement age for its workers.
power-sharing gives the people a sense of belonging to the nation
How can I solve this problem?
What are the characteristics of a person with hearing complications?
The water standards were approved by the National bureau of Standards.
Besigye's political honesty.
The Africa Cup of Nations is widely watched around the continent.
Do you need any help?
When will by-elections be held?
Police informed people to be aware of stolen items which are available on the market.
Media is used as a faster way of extending information to the public.
The confederation of African football should follow the legal guidelines.
Traders are not comfortable with the rent charges in city markets.
Let us be job creators and not job seekers.
He doesn't make decisions about the company anymore.
It's a good idea to install spies in government hospitals to investigate corruption.
She hit the coconut with a stone to open it.
She was found to have breast cancer.
Democracy should be practised at all levels.
What is your definition of a successful man?
Given the current rainy season, only farmers are the beneficiaries of it.
What is the total population of Uganda?
Authoritative orders are obeyed.
Shops with wedding attires have been opened in their village towns.
There are political instabilities in some countries neighboring Uganda.
Agricultural projects will be funded.
Some government officials don't follow the laws governing the country.
Bodaboda riders through their association can get loans for capital
The youth are exposed to sexually transmitted diseases.
Tax fraud is illegal and punishable by law.
People have been advised to stay home because of the coronavirus pandemic.
The government needs to do more on ensuring rural education quality is stepped up.
He reminded me of something that we saw yesterday.
You must invest in yourself.
He wants to work for the people, their views and their interests.
The world should give attention to the impoverished country of forty-three million people.
The stadium is surrounded by security guards.
Drive in neutral when you see a red light or traffic jam ahead.
Quality assurance inspections ensure students are getting the best education services
They need to agree on national consensus to promote peace.
He resigned from his job.
Pastoralists should stop grazing their animals on people's land.
The Federal Trade Commission is to investigate the editorial decisions of the social media companies.
It has met other stakeholders, including media experts from Ghana.
He served as Uganda's chief justice for five years.
This is their first time to win in this competition.
Malaria parasite needs this molecule to succeed within a host organism.
Your documents will remain safe with us.
Motorcyclists are road users.
Transport costs have hiked so much during this season.
The festival boosts craft materials.
That man killed his sister over a plot of land.
The ministry is constructing roads in most parts of the country.
What is your email address?
Corrupt officials will be arrested.
A chess game is one of the popular games played all over the world.
Questions rose about the funding of these cities since the creation didn't have a budget.
The government is fighting against gender-based violence by sensitizing the public.
Most of the activities are carried out during the day.
The parliamentarians promised to follow up the matter.
He took me out for lunch.
Lack of regulation of scrap dealers can result in problems.
The government should put security lights on all roads to reduce crime.
The class teacher scared his students.
Employees are entitled to paid sick leave.
He will supervise the activities.
Please take note of the current circumstances before you go on to complain.
The veterinary association is comprised of veterinary doctors.
People cut down trees for timber.
We sat around the fire singing songs at night.
A new bank has launched a branch in Arua.
A lot of goods and buildings were destroyed during the rioting.
My boss has told me to arrange everything in order.
The old structures will be broken down.
The police doesn't allow unlawful political rallies.
He asked when the workshop would be held.
Youth volunteers look through the crowd to spot the elderly.
The supporters protested over the women member of parliament results.
He is so stupid to think that I can talk to him again.
The traffic department is concerned with the movement of cars on the road.
Many students were happy with their results.
That company has donated ten thousand masks to the government.
They refused to attend the elections.
He negotiated and bought the car at a slightly lower price.
This year measles has more than tripled compared to two thousand eighteen.
The agricultural sector should be given more funds in the next financial year.
Many people were charged and jailed for cases related to smoking.
Television broadcasts bring the world closer to people.
Who is the auditor general of Uganda?
It is rare to find people wearing barkcloth nowadays.
She started working in this company as a cleaner.
The lady makes sweaters for nursery children.
The president encouraged the citizens to stay home so as to protect themselves against coronavirus.
The employee act is against the reduction of employee wages.
There is a lot of traffic in the evenings.
Quality food should be distributed in a proper way without contamination
The health centre also acquired an ambulance.
The police enforced coronavirus guidelines during the lockdown.
Girls should avoid moving out of home at night.
Voter bribery and electoral malpractice dominated the recently concluded elections.
Did you fry all the eggs?
How has Uganda benefited from being part of the East African Community?
Does aerobics really help one to keep fit?
He has gone to see the doctor.
The landslide victims are willing to shift to a safer area.
This girl is always complaining about us to the teacher.
The poet wrote a poem about his mother.
The vendors were very happy about the renovation of the market.
A company has shown interest to work in Masaka.
An injury can end a player's football career.
The village party was successful.
This story of killers coming into the house sounded fishy.
Are schools feeding the pupils well?
Mr. President, save us from forced removal.
Footballers in the third division are not well facilitated.
The singer has released a new album today.
My grandson is very creative.
Every eligible citizen has a right to vote for any person of their choice.
What is the depth of this lake?
He won the dancing competition.
They also grow crops for home consumption.
The commercial value of the African game was upped by the agreement.
He stays with his father.
It's been six months ever since they got married.
She took photographs of her baby with the phone.
Uganda has been hit by the second wave of coronavirus.
They will be part of the task force since they know problems better
The unfairness will not help in enabling women to achieve their full emancipation.
Bush burning is an illegal activity in Uganda.
She has known him since childhood.
Very many people long for freedom.
In my family, we are all light-skinned.
She has a small flower garden.
Her daughter is the director of our organization.
They should have punished him for all the things he did in the past.
Three market vendors were arrested for undermining the orders of the authority.
The high court ordered Senior Police Officer Godfrey Bangirana to vacate office.
How can we control the spread of diseases in society?
Anyone is free to donate.
Our football club has won the district tournament of the year.
The police officer's disciplinary charges were dropped.
The residents have unregistered guns.
We are related by blood.
Football supporters will have to watch this season's league from their homes.
The ceiling has started to crack.
Some schools have only boys.
She told her version of the story.
Children should be taught to help the needy.
The election results were canceled.
You have a black insect on your shirt.
The words of the minister have been disrespected.
Standard Operating Procedures have helped in controlling the spread of coronavirus.
Former reporters will be allowed to operate in the country.
Uganda has many rivers.
Any player can score a goal during the match.
The government has facilitated the establishment of schools, bridges, solar panels in Arua.
He failed the exams.
The people who were in the building were not injured.
He got the experience which gave him the confidence to contest for the parliamentary seat.
Human immune virus cases are mostly found in fishers.
Women were encouraged to talk about contraception.
We have people in the region, others far away.
How many prisoners are in that cell?
How much electricity does Uganda produce?
A borehole should be constructed near our house.
My nephew is in senior one.
A tight parliamentary race in the East is normally characterised with the violation of the law
There is a high level of mistrust among communities that see patients being taken away and returned dead.
What are some of the reproductive health rights and services?
The wounded soldier is now out of danger.
They were requested to pay a fine.
He was accused of murdering his neighbor.
Political parties say their voter strength has gone up.
Many people quit their jobs because they are not paid well.
Market officers are directly in control of everything including garbage collection.
Self-diagnosis kits help in early disease detection in rural communities
There will be a fifteen minute interval between these two court cases.
Where did you get those injuries from?
Sick employees are entitled to sick leave.
Market vendors were involved in a riot.
The patients will be deployed to the consulate.
Ethnic tensions undermine the rule of law.
The company hired more vehicles.
That organization represents all its poor clients free of charge in court.
She will give us all the details.
The local defence unit has cruel officers.
Valentine's day is on the fourteenth of February every year.
Some people do survive and recover from road accidents.
He does not work on Saturday.
The  Ugandan who arrived from Dubai is the first confirmed coronavirus case in Uganda.
Kenya received heavy rains last month.
They requested everyone to plant a tree in their compound.
The government is trying to continue to educate the children even when they are at home
Corrupt officers should be thoroughly investigated.
That referee was given money to determine the result of the game.
Popular attention is the perfect weapon against terror.
The professionals are registered under certain bodies.
He was supposed to present a hand over-report.
Are ants harmful to people?
Uganda has arrested Rwandans in the country.
There is a lot of congestion in Kampala downtown.
The results proved that she was raped.
Political campaign rallies gather crowds only to end with dismal voter turnout.
Early childhood centres should emphasize reading skills.
What causes gender-based violence?
I will return your father’s suit tomorrow.
Competition is always good for businesses.
They carry out farming on a large scale.
Betting has encouraged theft among children.
I inherited this plot of land from my late father.
What are problems faced by the people of West Nile?
We had a very long conversation yesterday.
It is good practice to help friends.
Did you reach home safely?
He was one of the world's greatest footballers.
Investigations about the stolen cars are still ongoing.
The family funded the investigations of their child's kidnapping.
Some countries didn't implement the lockdown measure as a mitigation to the pandemic.
There will be a reduction in maternal and neonatal rates because of improved medical facilities.
Uganda is endowed with historical monuments like the independence monuments.
Lately, fires have been destroying schools.
It is good to have a positive mindset.
He informed the people of Arua about his manifesto.
My grandfather is a retired bishop.
Teachers should always mind their behaviour while in classrooms.
We have to move cautiously until everything has settled.
People freely give bribes to traffic officers.
It is a must to tighten your seat belt when you board a plane.
He went home for supper.
The sports association gives annual awards to the best sportsmen in the country.
Pruning coffee trees allows them to grow new branches with more fruits.
Bribery is likely to happen in the police.
The journey is a two hours drive.
I want to explore the different cultures in Uganda.
Every company should make sure that its workers have insurance.
The media is insightful.
The national netball competitions start today.
Our firstborn is forty seven years old.
Women are allowed to participate in politics.
Leaders should endeavour to unite all people.
He parked the car beside the road because he was not feeling well.
My mother has gone to see the pastor.
The government bought new ambulances.
They studied agriculture and graduated this year.
All registered parties, with or without representation in parliament, participate.
Media creates awareness to the public.
Some children drop out of school because their parents can’t afford to pay school fees.
Marriage requires both partners to be patient with each other.
The government gets five hundred billion shillings to construct three roads.
Women drink a lot of alcohol in the area.
The summit will be attended by people coming from different countries.
Elders should provide for their children.
He will introduce cooperative unions.
The final result will depend on several factors.
What are the rules to playing the high jump game?
All my brother's children have three names.
Brown spots in the middle part of the affected leaves.
What you cannot do, others can do.
What behavior would be expected of such troops?
Watching documentaries can be very educational.
The president promised to contribute to the project personally.
I am very confident that we are going to win this basketball game.
Police were advised to stay out of the matter.
He is one of the fastest runners I know of.
There is a need to have the law examined.
Always stand for what is right.
Clear boundaries should be demarcated to prevent land encroachment
What is the name of the company you are working for?
We lost most of our property in the floods.
The twins were just two years old when she died.
He got another wife.
The resettlement exercise will start two weeks after the tour.
I am going to hang clothes.
The training emphasized working in harmony with nature.
Resolutions are usually for good.
What is the scope of your business?
The summit was for the East African Community.
The seedlings are ready to be transferred to the garden.
My brother took a year off school to travel around the world.
I do not trust the district leaders at all.
The school excluded her from sports activities because of her poor health.
The camp lies north of the district.
The picture was stuck on the wall with tape.
The received donations will help address the problems we face.
The government compensated some people in places where new roads are to be constructed.
Natural forests are part of the environmental arm.
He visited Uganda for the first time.
The Local Council One chairperson for Kamuli held a meeting with some sugarcane farmers.
it is unlikely that the president will talk about the rent issue.
The dog that was chasing the boys bit one of them.
He smokes cigarettes every day.
Campaigns and elections should not be religion-based because it causes separation amongst people.
Girls in Uganda between the age of six to twelve have never attended school.
She has disobeyed the boss' rule.
To get the latest updates around Uganda you have to listen to the radio.
We are all one in God's image.
The legislators are to elect the Speaker and Deputy Speaker of parliament next week.
The army is preparing for war.
There was no money to pay the staff.
The bank has declared a profit of Uganda shillings two hundred and sixty million.
Why are most medicines sour?
The award was for the mentorship of upcoming journalists.
They have been given different jobs.
This president has ruled the country since its independence.
Uganda has an Ebola case confirmed in Kasese district
Smugglers always put their lives on the line.
Hospital cleaners are more exposed to the virus.
Guidelines must be followed.
Health service delivery is being improved.
She is the chief magistrate of Masaka High Court.
He was in charge of publicity
The Tokyo Olympic games were originally scheduled to take place in two thousand twenty.
Leaders should tell people to have a saving culture if they want to develop.
Am so overwhelmed with work.
Farmers lack pesticides and insecticides to control diseases.
She was walking to the supermarket when a car knocked her.
People are encouraged to participate in elections.
After the December festive season, we flew to Dubai for New year celebrations.
Pesticides help us control the spread of pests in the garden.
The Independent Policing Oversight Authority was established.
Our team is composed of players from all regions.
At the time of his death, he requested to have a word with his son.
Her skin complexion is different from that of her siblings.
In two thousand seventeen, the Libyan government through a private company, Ucom controlled management.
A minister advised that schools remain open.
These trousers don't fit me properly.
There are no supporters in the stadium.
The football team scored a goal in the seventy ninth minute of the game.
According to Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, African governments spend on their military armies.
Parents should responsibly take care of their children.
Employees will not work during leave periods.
The leaders donated masks to children above eight years.
The exhibition is the leading global event for the Meetings, Incentives, Conferences, and Events industry.
He hasn't yet paid the taxes for his real estate business.
It remains unclear when this provisional administration will end.
Kids love to play games.
Every company that pays taxes receives a special rewards.
Uganda supports female scientist.
Competent people should be recruited in positions of leadership.
How can one establish connections?
The cause of the disease is still unknown.
Teams also face challenges in running their activities throughout the year.
Besigye said Uganda Patriotic Movement lost in the one thousand nine hundred eighty elections.
Some politicians rigged elections to become members of parliament.
Village leaders should know their residents.
She applied to the high court for a judicial review.
The manager promised to increase each employee's salary.
I think this plant is diseased because all its leaves are yellow.
The two travelers didn't understand the language the villagers spoke.
Cowards already left the land a long time ago.
Drug shops should be supervised to check out for expired drugs and more.
Some women are attracted to well-dressed men.
A new political party has been launched.
Refugees stay in camps.
It is better to get prevention than shying away.
Animations have been used to communicate ideas.
Fathers should provide for their families.
Everyone has their problems to solve.
There is a poor communication network in this area because of the mountain.
We should always keep peace in our communities.
The prosecutor advocated for strict bail terms.
The disabled can succeed in life.
I lied to my parents that my little brother spoilt the radio so that they wouldn't punish me.
How can the government increase the cattle population?
Why don’t you report him to the police?
The poor storage of cassava affects its quality.
The service facility should perform a comprehensive inspection.
The government gave out food and financial aid to the vulnerable during the pandemic.
The nationwide health sensitization program will be launched
Higher transport costs could lead to increased costs of production.
He contested the terms of his release on bail.
We visit our grandmother's grave twice a year.
I found a lot of cobwebs in that corner.
Women and girls' voices are often excluded from decision making.
The locals donated money to support teachers who lost their jobs during the lockdown.
Companies like to hire competent people with expertise in their field of study.
Children are usually more free and open with their mothers.
Sports and education work should be done hand in hand.
People are not concerned about the regularities and irregularities in the tax policy.
How can the cost of business be reduced?
The Anti-corruption Court convicted the three in two thousand fourteen.
He successfully finished his degree under the sponsorship of the trust.
Most of the crimes are investigated by the police.
Do you know of anyone who can lend me some money?
The wedding day is special and people want to make it an awesome day.
We can not rely on only one supplier.
Cleanliness in a market is very important.
You can get fresh vegetables from the market.
Students offering arts subjects should also be catered for regarding scholarships.
Their family is united.
People can no longer access loans from the banks in this Christmas season.
Cases of defilement are on the rise in Kasese District.
His business made a loss of twenty million Uganda shillings.
People should give the elders a chance to resolve the matter.
Computers use different software applications.
Without power, industries cannot operate.
The biggest part of the land in the central region is owned by the Kabaka.
Vehicle service shops are in the business to make money.
The officials found their work difficult during the voting process.
The coronavirus toll-free line has been restored and issues have been rectified.
From traveler's checks to bank slips to depositing via the automated teller machine.
Different political parties need to have a consensus for the country's good
He threw a party as a way of celebrating his victory.
How can the user identify a fake solar product?
Every chapel will provide a specific number of bricks.
She invested in a poultry business to top up on her monthly salary.
Government funds talent developing activities in schools.
That is the richest football team in Uganda.
National leaders are responsible for the healthy wellbeing of fellow nationals.
Menstrual hygiene is essential for girls to be able to participate in schools.
His son is in the middle class.
There are three cows in the kraal.
How can one access ambulance services?
He was asked many questions during cross-examination by the lawyers.
This problem is a recurring theme in government.
Voters have the right to vote in a free and fair election.
The church deployed more security officers.
The market vendors told people to wash their hands before entering the market.
We cannot change anything about our past.
Only authorized personnel have access to these computers.
It essentially demands inspirational leadership that penalizes misconduct and sends a signal to all officers.
That country has reported an increase in the number of coronavirus patients.
He put his hand on her shoulder.
The court was adjourned until fifth June.
The suspects escaped from prison.
A plan for health security has been launched in Uganda.
Uganda has several neighbouring countries.
There is a lot of fake news.
Students that pass exams are promoted to the next class.
My friend's mother is Nigerian.
Most of the water projects will be completed in two thousand eighteen.
Police officers that decline to take orders are punished.
Meetings help us come up with necessary resolutions.
His girlfriend comes from northern Uganda.
He put the whole blame on the presiding officers.
A court session was held last week.
The presidential convoy stopped at this trading center.
Sometimes you don’t have to insist on being right.
What are some of the economic difficulties facing businesses?
Youths do not allow anyone to despise you.
The school directors should not get involved in the management of school funds.
An obligation is something one is bound to do.
There is an increasing number of coronavirus patients.
Informed sources described how the assailants pounced on Burundian soldiers on Mount Twinyoni.
Kenya's elections resulted into violence.
The children are waiting for the teacher to read for them a story.
Good resolutions encourage unity in society.
Vaccine-preventable surveillance systems help health authorities identify areas with weak immunization coverage.
Women need to go into marriage when physically and mentally ready.
The organizations are working together to protect the area.
My aunt recovered from her illness.
He took his shoes to the cobbler.
Families must be united.
People are suffering from depression.
What is your name?
He is very hard working.
The African tax bodies target online companies.
The minister sensitized people to embrace job creation instead of job seeking.
The leaders want to resolve the matter peacefully.
Rwanda's minister of state wrote a letter to the bloc's secretary-general.
We have many immigrants in Uganda nowadays.
She was found in a collapsed school building during the heavy rains.
He did not know how bed bugs looked like.
Health news analysis businesses treat bad health with simple nutrition.
Thieves are likely to choose a place that looks like there is no security.
Money disputes can be hard to amend.
Currently, most people in Uganda have mobile phones.
The farmers purchased more seedlings.
I was so disappointed with our performance.
She did not give a speech at her daughter's wedding ceremony.
They are worried about the delays at the border.
The party will take place on Saturday.
Doves are a symbol of love and peace.
Many scouts participated in the annual youth camp.
Fifteen people have contracted the disease.
Are you ready to go?
What is your complaint?
He was arrested for impersonation.
Blood can be stored in a medically approved refrigerator for up to thirty five days.
Depression sets in as you try to deal with reality.
Our manager gave a brief report about the company to the sponsors during the meeting.
We hope to win the football match today.
The community has been so peaceful for the past one year.
During his trip, he traveled to different countries.
The community cannot afford to have another war in the young country.
Do not be careless at performing your rightful duties.
Kampala roads flood whenever it rains heavily.
Invitation cards were given to only close family members and friends.
The camera installation process started on Thursday.
Politicians do not save money for the future.
Politicians usually have a great following of people.
Some people used herbs to treat coronavirus.
The organization donated clothes to children in that foster home.
I doubt if the team will make it to the finals.
Government assets must be responsibly managed.
What are some of the roles played by women in a home?
He signed a peace agreement after the war .
There is an illegal capturing of wild animals.
All his company contacts were blocked.
The government will provide skills to refugee girls and agricultural equipment to refugee farmers.
He has been under house arrest for twenty days.
Moyo general hospital is not well facilitated.
Is playing football a skill or a talent?
Information and Communication Technology companies in Uganda are moving to capture the international market.
Educate communities about the existing diseases.
The East African community has many different cultures.
The diocese has started to engage in business activities.
The total number of coronavirus deaths in the world is beyond four million people.
Poverty affects children's performance in class.
The constitution instructs that all elections should be free and fair.
Laws at times oppress and lead people to death.
A lot is being done to improve the welfare of refugees.
The researcher interviewed police officers stationed in various parts of Nairobi.
People should isolate themselves to control the spread of yellow fever.
The streets in the city center are crowded with street vendors.
This is one of the biggest markets in the capital city.
He answered only two questions.
He won the presidential elections because he had many supporters.
The district lacks a standing laboratory to cross-examine yellow fever samples.
This bank has over two million customers.
He also said we should be determined.
He wanted to have a good job before having a family.
What is your phone number?
Poorly performing students need guidance from their lecturers.
He comes from the Eastern region of Uganda.
Mother sent her to fetch water from the well.
Some countries sentence people that abuse drugs to death.
Influenza, cholera, hepatitis A, plague, rabies, yellow fever, meningococcal disease, typhoid, tuberculosis are other diseases.
There are also many rich individuals and private organizations/foundations to do similar.
My uncle lives in a nearby village.
They have been arrested.
What has led to the strike in your area?
People in Africa are not bothered about the dangers associated with hepatitis
We have many mixed-race people in our village.
The director is holding information regarding the new organization structure.
My brother wore a t-shirt of his favorite football team.
How many public universities are in Uganda?
All farmers should spray their cattle to fight off ticks.
Youths have many partners which ease the spread of the disease.
Besigye has suffered the anger of the National Resistance Movement with teargas and constant arrests.
More funding should be directed to fueling ambulances.
It chose to ignore popular opinion together with other parties.
These events have always come up during this time.
The deceased was placed in a white coffin.
That football club was founded one hundred thirty years ago.
They complained about the loss of their documents by the school administration.
The Member of Parliament for our constituency changed his political party.
Four more university branches were built in other country regions.
This corridor is at least ten meters long.
Cultural leaders in Uganda have greatly supported the health sector in various ways.
The police released live bullets to the crowd.
Young girls should stay in school to avoid teenage pregnancies.
Time management should be taken seriously.
The organization has very few customers.
Some teachers do not even have smartphones to conduct online classes.
We need to install surveillance cameras.
The new medical facility has reached the final stages
It rained heavily during the night.
What are some of the challenges faced by traffic officers?
God has very many servants all over the world.
The players should stay in their home regions to promote unity.
I need to renew my contract before it expires.
Of what importance is the tail on an animal?
The church was built alongside the university.
Some district officials do not attend council meetings.
The family considered themselves a middle-income family.
Stop mistreating your child.
The children contracted the coronavirus while on a music tour.
We should be thankful to the people that pay our school fees.
The land was bought by a certain old man.
He drove off the car at a very high speed.
They should be aware of electronics like radios and mobile phones.
This needs external support, from donors and civil society, for example.
The refugees will receive rice.
Some districts had schools with very poor results.
Do you have any evidence against him?
An increase in oil prices discourages the movement of products to the market.
The teachers decided to support their own organizations formed at the village level.
The prime minister has donated ten million Ugandan shillings towards the victims of the landslide.
How can we stop the spread of the Coronavirus disease in our country?
He is the current president of the football association.
When it started raining, the girls took shelter under the mango tree.
Why are you over staring at me?
The police should have questioned other people about the case.
Refugee children also deserve an education so they can take care of their families
The doctor was transferred to another hospital.
Concerts usually attract people from different homes and societies.
Every political party has its own unique set of rules.
Why should some letters be copied to other people?
What requirements has your school asked for this time?
She works at school as a cleaner.
Threats are rampant among people in the community.
Many police officers were surrounding his home this morning.
Ministers always attend annual foreign lectures.
The prison spokesperson reported on the sick prisoners.
What happened to your leg?
Tell me about some of the challenges you are facing at school.
Floods have displaced several refugees.
The refugees said she now has food to feed her child.
I promised to pay his school fees.
The oil tunnels are deep.
The chairman called my family for a meeting.
All the boreholes in our region are in bad condition.
Most people in Uganda have small business enterprises.
That seat has been reserved for the First Lady.
This October, forty African heads of state and their delegations descended on Russian Black Sea city.
She reads magazines as she waits for her coffee.
Farmers with a common interest form groups.
The district chairman of Arua is incompetent.
We should embark on informing people and encouraging them to vaccinate
The challenges faced by people need immediate solutions.
The football league started today.
Who won the race?
That company does not have enough money to pay its employees.
What are some of the causes of school dropouts?
Teachers are responsible for better student performance.
There are very many refugees.
People evicted from the land should be compensated.
What are the benefits of doing body exercises?
Some children fall out of school because their parents cannot afford the school fees.
This company has many departments.
The data center will operate according to tier three standard facilities.
People should not be forced to give and should give willingly with love.
The military and the Sudanese civil society signed the constitutional declaration.
Do we have Ebola in Uganda?
Any company must have a license from the government before starting its operations in Uganda.
He killed himself because he had lost all hope.
Media is a great source of information for the public.
I  salute to our nation!
University graduates should influence the environment they live in.
The lion has the strongest roar in the cat family.
President Museveni has given out Sixty five cars to Resident District Commissioners.
I could not sit back knowing the area was insecure.
She broke down when they gave her the sad news.
Watuwa said the sixty-five cars constitute fifty percent of the Resident District Commissioners.
What are the benefits of planning ahead of time?
He sponsored his trip to Uganda.
Assuring the widest possible dissemination of political viewpoints.
Where are you studying from?
District and municipal officials were forced to resign in the public interest.
We have to come up with solutions to overcome gender-based violence in homes.
The vehicle was serviced yesterday.
Oryem says Uganda is willing to give talks another chance irrespective of changes in dates.
The collaboration is between the governments of Uganda and the Netherlands.
She said Uganda will win the competition
What is the use of a referee in a football match?
People are negligent and are not concerned about the existence of the virus.
My application has been rejected.
Their team is in the fourth position at the football league table.
Don’t be afraid, everything will be fine.
A Muslim has to make a holy pilgrimage to Mecca to be called Hajji.
We need to let go of the past in order to move on.
It is very expensive to buy land in town.
He is well educated with several degrees.
The government has pledged to support its less privileged citizens in these hard times.
Priests can not marry after ordination.
Having enough blood in the body helps it to function well.
Drug theft in hospitals leads to drug shortages.
The thief was killed last week.
You will brake more and accelerate more to keep that dangerous narrow gap.
Tecno, itel, and infinix ranked fifth, seventeenth, and twenty-sixth respectively.
Look out for friends that shall add value to you.
The locals reported the people they suspected to be robbing them to the police.
Take a shower and change those clothes.
My uncle topped up my school fees.
I do not think he will come back here again.
What are some of the water resources in Uganda?
The girls are good at sports.
Who are some of the people that received heroes' medals?
The leader is not happy with the way some companies operate.
He concluded that all these donations are a gesture of good collaboration.
The ministry will distribute palm oil seeds to the farmers.
Why is the experienced player starting on the bench?
The law should punish corrupt public officials.
Every disease has its own signs and symptoms.
This sickness could be a result of drinking unboiled water.
What are some of the roles played by journalists?
In the end, what matters is to complete the project successfully.
There is an increase in the rate of organ trafficking in the Middle East.
Some people still struggle to have two meals a day.
She lost her two children in the attack.
Doctors are doing their best to prevent the disease from spreading.
Giving to the needy is one act expected of a Christian.
He was succeeded by his youngest son.
There is an ongoing football competition.
He wanted to get more training in beekeeping.
He had the highest score in the test.
How do I write a report?
The leaders are to blame for the diversion of funds meant for the project.
Farmers should be sensitized about agricultural seasons.
He will park the car in a secure place.
Employers are still expected to pay workers on days they fail to provide work.
It was unusual for us to wear face masks before coronavirus affected the world.
The president held a moment of silence for the legislator during his address.
People have made international friends via social media.
He retired from playing football two years ago.
Local people mobilised local resources for the project.
The main offices have cracks on them.
She stopped studying when she got pregnant.
Some people are using the lockdown to tour different parts of the country.
It has opened the eyes of private teachers always to plan.
She is a very fast runner.
Everybody should take interest in what goes on in their neighborhood.
I gave her all the money I had.
Most people will not afford that tax.
The president promised the people of Arua a city status during campaigns.
Some parents are worried about the future of their children.
There were many demonstrations during the elections.
Some employers mistreat their workers.
Coronavirus has led to the death of many people all over the world.
The government hospitals do not need donor money to work.
Target casting is available only to a specific audience.
This constitutes the most dangerous form of corruption.
The teacher explained the topic very well.
They should use negotiation skills to avert the problem.
There are very many victims of rape in Uganda.
My father has planted three mango trees in his compound.
He takes his children to the playground to play every weekend.
The young woman was kicked out of the marital home.
She took pictures of her father during his birthday party.
Some refugees were recruited into the army.
What items does he sell in his shop?
She died without giving birth to any child.
Children divert school fees to gambling.
The landslide victims refused to leave this area because their relatives are buried there.
Funds have been raised to support the refugee camp.
Three million shillings will be allocated for those who were injured.
Clinics bring medical services closer to people.
He scored the best goal of the German football league this season.
She was the first female speaker of parliament.
The traffic officers in Uganda no longer put on a white uniform.
There wasn't any kind of violence in elections at our home village.
How many cows are they giving out?
Courts are set to resume after the pandemic.
The committee has representatives from all the villages in the district.
People should have respect for people's property.
Farmers are planting improved seed varieties.
The children were eager to visit their grandparents in the village.
The company has branches in several towns in the country.
Some students cheat in examinations.
Market vendors were required to sleep in markets during the lockdown.
Women have a right to participate in the politics of the country.
Nowadays, weddings have less than twenty people.
They have failed to start the process of land clearing.
The team is to be supported by the vice president.
She often visited her parents in the village.
The president issued a directive that motorcycles should not carry passengers during the lockdown.
Banana wastes are being used in the production of biogas.
He has enough experience in journalism.
Registering your business can help you get more customers because you're genuine.
Students of the school have reportedly come forward.
The medical report will disclose what happened to the boy.
Only contacts of contacts will be vaccinated.
Edgar Ofoyuru is the products Designer at Bold Cashers Limited.
How do I start an oil and gas business in our country?
Why should one assault a fellow elder in public?
Adultery has caused most marriages to break.
Malaria is one of the killer diseases.
Which is the highest rank in the army?
She gifted her husband a watch.
Technology was used everywhere in that school.
Kenya is the third-largest gambling market in Africa after Nigeria.
She was too tired to eat food.
The ministry has divided the farmers into maize, coffee, rice and cassava growers.
We evaluate his performance in the campaigns.
How can a nation-best prepare itself against diseases?
The interconnection fees stayed high.
That is how they manage to survive.
We should ensure that we work as a team.
I am not a citizen of that country, so I can't vote for you.
There are more male employees in that company than females.
We were told to list all corrupt officials.
He requested the government to increase funds allocated to refugee hosting districts.
The government wants to have all Ugandans vaccinated.
Football players hold different positions during the match.
Besigye sought to correct what was wrong within National Resistance Movement.
How can we protect a girl child?
They lost a football match.
Customers are scared and their numbers have reduced.
The workers complained about a poor working environment.
Some markets are very congested and dirty.
Now profit comes not through the broad delivery of common information.
Pregnant mothers are discouraged from using local herbs.
We streamed the show live via YouTube.
The parliamentarian has sensitized people to engage in agricultural activities.
Producing fake evidence before the court is punishable by law.
The director of human rights is suing the police for violation laws.
That woman pushed me out of the line.
Moyo hospital lacks beds to admit patients.
Uganda is a good country for one to start a business.
More news updates will be given later.
The Ministry of Health informed Ugandans about the dangers of coronavirus disease.
I look forward to my wedding day.
His political motive was to eliminate his rivals.
The kidnappers always target rich people's children.
She scored a goal in the last minute of the game.
Where do you keep the flasks?
The farm is enclosed by the fence.
The Ministry of Health carried out an active search for yellow fever cases.
What was the root cause of rapid deaths in the village?
Money serves very many purposes.
The company used some of the money to pay the salaries of the employees.
The party needs more supporters.
Three people were killed in action by the Uganda people's defence forces.
Why did the coach substitute that player?
What makes some things to become too hard to understand?
I spend most of my time in the flower garden.
They requested to be excused from payment of taxes.
I noticed a number of cars parking in my uncle's compound.
Some commercial activities are a threat to the environment.
The general public must follow the coronavirus health guidelines set by the government.
She explained that the church should be blamed under the anti-money laundering law.
Shelter is one of the basic human needs.
My son has promised to send me some money.
The performers were waiting behind the curtain.
Farmers benefit a lot from being part of cooperatives.
She fell asleep in the car.
His work contract is for four years.
He denied the boys food.
The school started as a vocational college.
There are many women employed in the news media industry.
The landlord advised him to live somewhere else until the renovations on his house are complete.
The coronation ceremony will take place tomorrow.
Electorates are people entitled to vote.
More funds are being raised to purchase ambulances.
The police should keep law and order.
What is the name of that street?
The exhibit dubbed "Leonardo Opera Omnia" showcases prints of the Mona Lisa.
There is inequality of wealth and income in poor communities
Are you driving an automatic car?
It is not safe to move alone at night.
President Yoweri Museveni led the anti-corruption walk in Kampala.
School health clubs have been formed in schools.
New structures and laws have been introduced as a measure for police misconduct.
She keeps vomiting after eating.
My goal for this new year is to lose weight.
He was proved innocent by the court after rape allegations.
A working document was developed to promote constitution activities.
She was talking to her father on phone.
Violence in elections can be caused by a number of unlawful acts.
The president announced the opening of places of worship last week.
He tested positive for high blood pressure.
Cities attract developments like the construction of roads.
She donated several clothes and food to the orphans.
Youths turned up in big numbers for the event.
The lead judge concluded hearings and also set dates for the next proceedings.
The border was closed due to misunderstandings between the two countries.
Their vision and mission highlight development.
The thief disappeared from our sight.
God hears our prayers and sees all that we do.
To resolve this conflict both leaders have to meet.
Some boreholes need maintenance work.
He is a footballer.
The stone landed on his head and crushed him to death.
The football players were not allowed to meet with their families.
I think as customers we should be the ones to pay these companies.
The demand for rabbits has been increasing in recent days.
It is up to him to make the workers keep their faith in him.
The event involves a series of entertainment activities.
An even greater differentiator between traditional media and social media
We want to build another ward at this hospital.
I heard from the news that one of the army generals was dead.
It is necessary for a democracy to function.
Referees have been accused of being inexperienced.
Potential leaders should be visionary and developmental.
Forest fires have undermined the people depending on them in recent times.
The football team exited after its first loss.
The war in South Sudan has led to the death of Ugandans.
The farmer fenced his land with barbed wire.
The wrong groups should be sent to prison.
Uganda telecom was privatized by the government.
People are not ready to follow his orders.
He convinced his mother to buy a new house.
The international organization is giving free books to pupils in the refugee camps schools.
The workshop was held for two days.
He was promoted to the highest rank in the police.
Jesus Christ died for our sins.
Our school head prefect is an inspirational leader.
Employees are representatives of the organisation.
He participated in the five thousand meter race.
That man was the first coronavirus case in this country.
We will harvest beans from our farm next month.
He will find work for you.
Let us applaud his contribution to the country
Why are the Olympic games held?
Where is the trading centre located?
The majority of African youth are in casual employment.
The first phase of resettlement begins in September.
A spy was sent to collect information.
Speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga described Kaggwa as a "big advocate for human rights"
A lie can get halfway around the world before the truth gets its boots on.
Every year we participate in the marathon.
He organized a talk with his father to mend their relationship.
He cleared his throat before giving his speech.
The hospitals lack drugs to treat people.
The choir entertained the congregation with a poem.
The lawbreakers have been taken to the courts of law
The solar system can easily be affected by the rats.
Banks offer loans to registering youth groups for development.
He started up a new business.
Will you be applying to the university?
Taxes contribute to national development funds annually.
You should check with the lands office before you buy land.
The cause of the fire is still unknown?
How does this machine work?
The president travels in a convoy.
Farmers need to be guided.
Cherukut was undergoing a course at the College of Logistics and Engineering in Magamaga
I need access to clean water.
To date, the teacher has not been released.
Doctor Richard Mihigo is the program manager for immunization and vaccine development in Africa.
Beekeepers should form a saving society to raise capital for members.
A good employer is one that pays his or her workers on time.
People in the district lack enough food to eat.
Communication is essential.
The public reacted with shock when news broke.
Some locals do not obey the government laws.
It is in conjunction with other organizations.
At this year’s event, different companies will compete for eleven awards.
Refugees from neighbouring countries are free to come into Uganda.
Many youths are dealing in drugs.
You need a blessing from God.
My second contribution has been on strategy.
Consumption and sale of alcohol in sachets have been banned.
We presented gifts to the priest at his farewell party.
He wanted to prove his love for her but all in vain.
His uncle has been put on a life support machine.
The journey was longer than we thought.
Most traders prefer to buy their goods from abroad.
She was unwell during the examination period but she still passed the exams.
He was in power for five years.
Animal diseases lead to low yields.
She has been transferred to another hospital.
His mother was Uganda's ambassador to Kenya.
Any unforeseen circumstances can lead to a review of contracts.
He is receiving food from the hospital even though he's isn't a patient.
The market has not had electricity for three days.
Athletes are all over the world.
Children often rub their eyes when they are tired.
She is the wife of one of Uganda's top opposition leaders.
Please isolate yourself if you are infected with the virus.
The soldiers left her unconscious.
We are in the departmental meeting.
He was told that ambulance purchases are tax-free.
Some parts of Uganda have no electricity supply.
How did she manage to walk on the rope while in space?
He was knocked down by a car while riding a bicycle.
Due to the coronavirus outbreak, all entry points into the country were closed.
We need organizations that want to help Ugandans without torturing them.
Running is a good exercise that helps our bodies to keep fit.
Schools have been closed for over a year now.
She will appear before the magistrate tomorrow.
Funds allocated for refugees were misappropriated.
Doctor Kojan agrees that it's not possible to monitor the patient properly.
Parents should be educated on how to protect the girl child.
The district provided tax holidays to local investors to encourage trade in the area.
They were partying all night
The contract refers to Swiss laws.
The market vendors have a savings group.
The company where I did my second internship relocated to Ntinda.
Public transport is now open.
The bridge was swept away by the floods.
He is finalizing with his speech.
The man was on trial for killing his wife.
A healthy community is the joy of the nation.
Many people have succumbed to coronavirus.
Perhaps, she thought there are no criminals.
Today they continue to be an inspiration to more technological innovations.
The task force group was split up.
Gender-based violence is punishable.
Has the teacher entered the classroom yet?
Many stories indicate that the fire was due to an electrical fault.
Uganda exports some of its food to countries like South Sudan.
He milks the cows with his own hands.
The council needs to act very fast.
The private lives of women leaders have interfered.
Through prayer, we can cast out demons.
He is a handsome, charming man, and has a firm character.
Girls open up about their reproductive lives since they are reached one on one.
Journalists collect information from the public and issue it for public consumption.
They lost the elections.
He is one of the rising stars in the music industry.
Candidates are expected to go back to school soon.
Cancer can be treated.
What is the purpose of carrying out investigations?
Both the Bible and the Quran are holy books.
Some people are complaining that the government doesn't support local football clubs.
We are all human beings, so let us love one another.
Pupils in rural areas are studying under trees.
The government made it mandatory for owners of public buildings to have metal detectors.
She ate food and went to sleep.
The leader organized for the district prayer.
The different stakeholders met to discuss medical challenges in villages.
It is better to improve medical equipment in existing health centres.
The standard operating procedures were set to control the spread of coronavirus.
Some Ugandans like playing golf.
The banking sector contributes a lot to the development of an economy.
The people travelled to Congo to attend a burial where they succumbed to ebola.
If the government thinks that the company is good for communication, it should invest in it.
This strike has elevated negotiations to a higher level.
He emerged among the best young entrepreneurs at the awards yesterday.
Make sure that you wear a clean mask.
Do not kill others because everyone's life matters.
My mother started making masks during the first lockdown.
The venue for the meeting will be communicated later in the day.
Why do we celebrate women's day?
The swimming competitions will take place tomorrow.
Egesa has exposed the people behind the fraud.
Most of the parents attended the meeting.
You should come and visit me.
Institutions insist on different regulations during elections.
He cooks food for the builders.
She can not afford to pay for antenatal services.
Building permits have been given out by the council.
The case has been adjourned until further notice.
The leaders are responsible for community disputes.
The dog cannot bite its master.
They request the government to compensate them for the property they lost.
I will be briefing the press this evening.
His son plays football every evening.
That young man intends to run for the head prefect post.
We do not know why the meeting was cancelled.
Some people have continued to survive with the Human Immune Virus.
He stepped on the brake pedal to let the taxi guy into the lane.
The agricultural outreaches are being carried out across the country.
There is no cure or medicine for coronavirus.
Kaggwa was known as a human rights advocate by virtue of his position.
The president asked the old civil servants to retire from their offices.
All participants were requested to account for the money they received.
Animals also have families.
His son works for the government.
Malaria was very common last year.
The editorial position of traditional media is openly obvious simply by reading or watching.
Health workers have worked hard to save people's lives during the pandemic.
He was moved to another prison.
The negative comments from the public made her quit music.
Fathers should be a good example to their sons.
The boy saves his money in a saving box.
She ran up to the finishing line.
The minister explained that doctors are capable, committed, focused and experienced.
My old man wears suits.
There was no respect for the rules and plans we were making
We walked by the side of the lake together.
More trees have been planted.
They have been urged to learn from others.
Sanitary pads are a necessity for women.
Majority of the people working on Karuma dam are expatriates.
There are many alternative sources of water.
The tour guide toured us around the park.
Local leaders work jointly with police in fighting crimes in communities.
He is supported by very famous people because of his talent.
You cannot drag someone to court without proper evidence.
She tested positive for COVID nineteen.
Lawyers act on behalf of their clients.
We toured the Uganda Martyrs Catholic Shrine in Namugongo.
Officers need to be trained in detecting danger.
These institutions have adopted ways to prevent the spread of viral diseases.
Matches are often screened in small viewing centers.
Many youths have benefited from football talent in Uganda.
People have nowhere to sleep because their houses were destroyed.
The company director has resigned.
He wants to improve people's lifestyle.
The leaders need to solve the unemployment gap in the district.
He won a gold medal from the Olympics race competitions.
During this season, most preachers are preaching via social media platforms.
The pico project generates small amounts of power.
This dispute can only be settled in the courts of law.
His body was taken to hospital for postmortem.
A few students graduated with first class in the previous academic year.
He is a quick decision-maker.
He has been a loyal friend for many years.
He was arrested for disobeying the president's orders.
There are several cassava varieties that can grow in that area.
It offers valuable insight into the fine points of negotiating.
How is medicine audited?
The parties complained that the government has an unfair advantage over other people.
Farmers have a right to participate in decision making.
Boda Boda riders are not allowed to carry any passengers.
The chairman expected the number to increase before the deadline day.
The headquarters of Kampala Capital City Authority are found at City Hall.
Financial institutions have to pay bonuses to people.
Tyres that need replacing can cause safety issues for cars.
Some people believe in evil spirits.
Some people retire into poverty.
On November seventh President Museveni graduated eighteen Ugandan Air Force pilot cadets.
Different regions grow different foods.
After schools closed, children engaged in farming, and selling of food
The bankers were abducted the previous week.
Twenty-one Uganda People Defense Force Officers have trained.
Not all the leaders will have a common goal for their area
The heavy rains distorted the mass as pilgrims fled in search of shelter.
Hima Cement has introduced a new cement type called RapidSet
We need to help coffee farmers in finding the right market.
He fell off the ladder as he was building.
Her father soothed her with a song.
The stadium was renovated by a team of experienced engineers.
The medicine has side effects.
Peaceful means of solving this issue is better than violence.
The old man's hut was burnt down.
She will send a letter to her rival.
The government has allocated funds for road construction in our region.
When they complained, they were told to ask the government to recruit more staff.
Do you have any food supplements?
He was born and raised in Kampala city.
Sudan needs debt relief.
Decades of policy reforms have not yielded a change in Kenya.
The football players died in a plane crash.
There was a highway robbery in Masaka.
That band has many fans.
Cash Chat mobile application has been unveiled on the Ugandan market.
There is a lot of noise coming from your room.
It is important to work hard in school.
The company has acquired new machines for road construction.
Some patients don't complete their treatment doses.
It is very painful to lose a match.
She escaped from home to attend her friend's party.
The group leaders are asked to mobilise more people to join them.
He is the leader of those rebels.
He donates litres of milk to the school feeding scheme every Monday.
She gave birth to a baby girl.
The government is planning to reduce its public spending.
That is when it got the six famous aircraft in a deal with accessories.
The garden needs to be weeded because it is in a bushy environment.
The school headteacher has been arrested for beating the underage girls.
The foreign funders are willing to help the refugees.
My former school was the first school to receive the tablets.
Trees make the compound look green and beautiful.
Thirteen years have passed since mediation was introduced by the High Court.
We have democracy in Uganda.
How can I be transformed by the renewing of my mind?
After my retirement, workers went on strike, the situation worsened,
Different sectors are allocated funds in the budget.
He deserved a very big punishment.
The refugees lack water for domestic use.
She was cruel to the customers.
The culprits claim to be in need.
Employer decisions will affect all employee.
Wild animals are the main attraction for tourists in Uganda.
Companies should secure more time to complete construction projects.
Some people opened up nightclubs during the lockdown.
The president observed the chaos in the party elections.
A good leader should be exemplary in his administrative work.
We need to celebrate this day.
Pray to God for anything.
He warned his sister to stay in the cave while he went out hunting.
It can preserve the milk for a long time.
We need a project sponsor.
My brother is extremely sick.
Patients ought to follow instructions as given by the doctor.
When he admitted to the crime, he was forgiven.
Nearly ninety percent of death caused by measles.
People within the area will play football games on the day.
Did you read the report from the office of the president?
The tree branches are long.
The thief escaped through the window.
The government constructed Arua taxi park.
People are still active in sports betting because of their passion for football.
Killers deserve to be imprisoned for the rest of their lives.
Exporting crude oil earns the government twenty billion American dollars every year.
He says the payment is in the final stages.
The budget has been forwarded to the ministry of finance.
Mountains emit Sulphur when they erupt which pollutes the air.
There was a severe famine.
She contacted her lawyer for legal advice.
The witness narrated the accident to the police.
Ceremonies usually host a special guest among other guests.
We thank our teachers for the creative ideas they bring up while helping us to learn.
My grandmother stayed alone in the village.
He no longer runs every morning.
Teens who have friends who smoke automatically begin smoking.
She lost all her academic documents in the fire.
The authority conducts inspections of police premises.
African Union elects a new chairperson every year.
Students have to register in the attendance register each day they come to school.
My mother received compensation from the government for the damage caused to her property.
The minister called upon musicians to always live an exemplary life.
Different communities conserve nature in different ways because of the different values attached to nature.
Most constituencies were divided on the choice of candidates.
The bank paid back the money that was deducted from my account.
You need somewhere to keep your clothes.
Criminals should not go unpunished.
Students were told not to drink alcohol.
Shops at the border points were closed on election day.
Lake Victoria is shared by Uganda, Kenya and Tanzania.
The transfers were initiated by the government.
He drew a picture of his mother.
The leader informed the public.
Uganda national roads authority will be in charge of the construction.
That company is recruiting graduate trainees.
The wounded soldier will go for a head scan.
When was operation wealth creation program started?
People in Arua are having poor standards of living.
There are more refugees than the district can sustain at the moment.
The Police Reform Working Group supported many of these attempts at police reform.
There are seven hills in Kampala.
The judge excused herself from the case because the accused is her niece.
The doctor said overweight people are at a high risk of hypertension.
Music concerts were closed as a result of the pandemic.
Many people turned up for the sports gala.
Museveni stresses Information Communication Technology at the China Africa conference.
The University has a good relationship with the community.
He failed to answer questions over the phone.
My friend tested positive for coronavirus.
The deaf can hear through the hearing aid kits.
Closure of schools might lead to increased school dropouts.
The cause of the death was unknown.
We forced her to take the medication.
How many slices does a loaf of bread have?
The district should establish a program whereby a resident only pays once.
His mother sent him to the market to buy food.
What are undisclosed-recipients?
Destiny must answer their call.
There is a rise in theft and killings in the rural parts of the country.
The author of the book said that it was based on a true story.
The report did not provide the necessary details.
What are the benefits of going to church?
Investments usually yield returns.
The school football team won the Copa Coca Cola championship.
Maybe the trading centers where the power is used for commercial purposes.
The festivals were mainly cultural.
She was chatting with her former friends from school.
We were all tested for tuberculosis.
The performance began with my favorite song.
Modern slavery is very rampant in Asian countries.
Security ministers did not attend the meeting.
He is mentally ill.
She understands people's problems more than anyone else.
She came fifth during the race.
The electoral commission is nominating presidential candidates.
How did the couple manage to maintain their friendship over these years?
There are over forty coronavirus patients in this hospital.
Let us learn to tolerate one another's character.
Is there anyone who doesn't know you?
His company bought more security equipment to improve its security.
Samples were taken from their immediate contacts and also from the health workers.
Social Media takes pride of place in that description, despite their murkier side.
People are to follow orders from the police.
We received food relief.
The ministry of health should carry out health extension services to the people.
Many people ran away from the country.
What do you want from this bag?
He is working hard in order to get the best score in the test.
Some disorders can be inherited.
What are the signs of mental stress?
The district aims at establishing a regional airport.
If he committed to authoring a book, it would have been a worthy read.
What is the route to Namugongo shrines?
Many families are celebrating across the country.
Some farmers make use of the sun to dry their crops.
She told me everything I needed to know.
Everything happened in the presence of journalists.
The resident district commissioner has forwarded people's challenges to the president.
You have to pay back my money.
The police should handle citizens with care.
Refugees are looking for ways to enter the country.
The tournament had six billion viewers.
Pupils write their notes in exercise books.
We have not received any payment since last year.
Fulfilling promises is one way of winning one's trust.
The schools should involve parents and learners in the planning process.
The final wedding preparations are today.
Vaccine-preventable disease surveillance was introduced in the African region.
The police have confiscated property of people who have failed to obey the directives.
Four years back he was a poor man.
People have sold energy products which have increased their income levels.
There are eight candidates in the presidential race.
The education officers shall be supervising schools anytime from now.
Following World War two's example of radio being used to manipulate the German population.
He wanted to know more about salvation.
More deaths have been registered today.
I want to put these chairs in one corner.
She had three music artists at her wedding.
The story will be shown during the news hour.
These policing roles include registering Local Council village residents.
Aspiring legislators would now bribe party bosses.
To be honest, I do not think our competitors can manage.
Most individual work requires water supply.
Churches and mosques were closed to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
Nearly ten thousand girls were defiled between January and June.
He has been ill for over five years.
Killing others is a sin before God.
The government of Uganda sensitized the public about the outbreak of Polio.
Ambulance services should be readily available for the people.
I can now afford to support my family.
What has happened to the children?
The incumbent shall lose if not careful.
Road contractors buy materials from their service providers.
That means health workers cannot spend adequate time with patients.
Those who lose elections find themselves unable to repay their debts hence bankruptcy
God is so merciful.
He was denied access to his office.
Which country will host the Olympics next time?
This was on November twenty-sixth at Capital Shoppers in Nakawa.
I am sorry about what I said the other day.
The committee has organized for women with disabilities.
Doctors happily discharged all their patients who had initially tested positive for coronavirus.
The president said that scientists are going to be paid well.
The matter is still in court.
The East African community started with three countries.
Other officers feared to speak out against their colleagues.
It is very good to make wise decisions in life.
Senior woman in school helps girls to overcome challenges caused by menstruation.
How much does it cost to get signed to a record label?
Uganda has invested in many projects.
How can we bridge the gap between the rich and the poor?
We did the examination under remote invigilation.
You should mind your employee's health.
Kojan worked with the French.
Makerere University has conducted some of the best research in Africa
Many people want to serve in the Local defence unit, but they lack qualification.
Thousands of people crowded his compound after his release.
Police maintain law and order in society.
Around the continent combined with the availability of smartphones.
My son's malaria test was negative.
Many boys in the district are good at carpentry work.
What time is the practice?
Where do you keep your records?
God is very gracious.
The young generation should be encouraged to become priests.
A convict of life imprisonment was the architect of the escape plan.
He was worried about the safety of the region.
He excused himself from the meeting.
Transport fares have increased during this pandemic.
Court has a right to issue a warrant of arrest.
President Museveni has ordered a deeper probe into the case.
As children grow, they begin to ask complicated questions.
This plant has been affected by the maize disease because the leaf has a grey colour.
National Water and Sewerage Corporation is to set up three training facilities across the country.
The government has tightened the security in Western Uganda.
Some Ugandan soldiers came back from Congo with the disease.
The district chairperson is admired by many people for his honesty.
What is the recovery time for coronavirus?
Schools should not be used as quarantine centres.
Even in the midst of development, there are challenges faced.
How can I start my own business?
The district committee organised a farewell party for the chairman.
The Fairness Doctrine rules were imposed on broadcasters requiring the airing of all sides.
Those big trucks are used for garbage collection.
They share insights and best practices on how to map out, eliminate and eradicate infectious diseases.
Who did you come with?
The old are considered more vulnerable than others.
Girls are advised to learn several skills.
The boys narrated to the teacher what had happened.
Residents were happy when the government built a new hospital in their area.
He entered his car and drove off.
This road is too small to handle the ever-increasing traffic.
Who are you, a thundering order comes through the darkness?
The priest has condemned the police for using force against peaceful protesters.
Government schools in Uganda have extended education services to many children in the community.
My sister has a bad handwriting.
We were told to register at the entrance.
Is everything ok with you?
There should be proper accountability for the project funds.
Children should be taught to wash their hands before eating food.
What's more, because cable channels did not use the public's airwaves.
She has a good voice.
Can animals get coronavirus?
The police sent officers to the village to investigate the old woman's murder.
The beneficiaries should use to keep their equipment safe.
She is usually very busy from Monday to Friday.
Officials have collected evidence to prove the misuse of funds.
We need a better solution for child abuse.
Uganda Energy Minister denies Isimba Dam bridge money was stolen
Design your house the way you want it.
People are using ambulances to support their personal activities.
Such a belief is predicated in part on shared information.
The dentist confirmed our appointment.
They are also designed to rule quickly on commercial cases.
Discrimination affects the well being and mental health of people.
The government is going to buy cars for the members of parliament.
The woman does not know the father of her child.
The casualties had severe injuries.
He is the new coach of that football team.
Ebola-infected more than two thousand people, killing at least one thousand five hundred.
He was given a demand notice because he had not paid rent for six months.
The Ebola patient was taken for treatment.
Reaction from the locals to coffee revival has shown new challenges.
The motorcycle rider asked me for my phone number.
Police have been heavily deployed to prevent riots and strikes from people.
All workers attended a meeting chaired by their boss.
Marriage has it is good and bad.
When we were young our parents used to tell us folktales.
She called off tomorrow's meeting.
Several landslides have occurred in Eastern Uganda.
District members are not following the coronavirus guidelines.
The government created new cities last year.
The government has established modern market structures in big towns.
They refused the opportunity.
People are not informed about the nomination procedure.
I fear looking at dead bodies.
The Egyptian authority made the ruling under the Egyptian laws.
What is the importance of making friends?
The poor banana yields are as a result of maize leaf rust.
What is the role of the accountant general?
A resident shot one of the soldiers.
The woman leader is leading a demonstration against the poor roads in their town.
Students perform poorly because they had a weak foundation in the primary section.
During that year, sugar prices rose.
Jail is a place of confinement of people convicted of a crime.
Coronavirus patients are being treated in a regional hospital.
So to beat a market you must move closer to the customers.
The schools should also work in hand with the churches.
The show in Kampala invites conversations on how artists can produce art.
Misuse of public funds is punishable by law.
He wants to understand people's problems by reaching out to them.
There is improved gender balance in society today.
The angry mob attacked the police men.
The sale of single cigarettes is prohibited in Uganda.
The roads were handed over to a foreign company for construction.
What are some of the symptoms of coronavirus disease?
His brother is a pastor.
The values assessment will provide findings on how diverse communities value nature differently.
Public resources are accounted for.
Why were the women murmuring?
Beer is often consumed more in the evening.
Why should the police fire live bullets in people?
I did not have money to pay for the sugar so my friend let me take it on credit.
Business establishment of pioneer plantations of trees followed by planting of target coastal vegetation.
Cultural leaders should mobilise the people to ensure the development of their communities.
They are threatening to demonstrate over bad roads.
Why are the children fighting every day?
All African countries sent delegates to the trade conference.
She got a job opportunity in her own field of expertise.
It also bought Infantry Fighting Vehicles and forty-four tanks.
The boy's injuries were self-sustained.
Change it according to your vehicle manufacturer’s recommendations for oil.
The government intends to vaccinate twenty-two million Ugandans.
The judge asked for further investigations of the murder case.
No news reporters are allowed to enter that hospital.
The bus has set off from the bus terminal.
The police were deployed to calm the riot.
Their team won the football championship.
The name of the project was used illegally.
They scored four goals at the beginning of the game.
I hope you realize that this is a one-way ticket.
He lives alone in the house.
Many foreign countries donate funds to African countries.
I am grateful for the ongoing support from the ministry of health to Ugandans.
A certain woman called me this morning claiming to be your teacher.
Leaders are not concerned about the consistency in environmental degradation.
Efficient workers increase the level of production.
The Karamojong were told to hand over their guns to the military.
Teachers are advised to promote peace amongst schools.
The army has started laying strategies to influence the coming elections.
River Nile flows northwards to Sudan.
The players will be trained to work together as a team.
There are environment clubs in several schools in Uganda.
What time shall he depart from the village?
These were due to financial aid from overseas.
The launch was supposed to be a milestone.
Manchester United has very many fans in Uganda.
When the light turns green, resist the urge to move faster ahead of the car next to you.
Uganda is a God-fearing nation.
It was announced on Friday last week.
Individuals donated money and food to the government during the lockdown.
Some candidates withdrew from the presidential race to support him.
Many people are employed in the industrial sector.
Solar power is a prefered alternative.
Why should he be removed from parliament?
There is more quality assurance in services purchased by farmers under cooperatives.
Politicians are not trustworthy.
A father that smokes puts the life of his wife and children at risk.
People shouldn't carry out mob justice.
Their concerns have been worked upon.
He sacrificed his land for market construction.
Fraud is on the increase in Kampala.
He wrapped a blanket around himself to keep him warm.
Victims of kidnap often suffer post-traumatic stress.
The hospital is a non-profit making organization.
Religious leaders always support orphanages in various ways.
Coronavirus cases and deaths have risen.
The parliamentarian wants another term in parliament.
All the girls in the village took part in the netball competitions.
Large swarms of locusts have invaded our country.
The headteacher called for a staff meeting.
Kids enjoy eating the cake icing.
Security in towns and villages needs to improve.
It is not liable to pay stamp duty in Uganda.
That organization helps teachers to save money for the future.
Hyenas are said to be cunning animals.
I first heard that song on the radio.
They then sell advertisers the ability to reach those groups.
She was flying high up in the sky.
Engineers organised a conference to strategize on how to improve the field.
There are some young children that have penetrated the music industry in Uganda.
We took a photograph of a beautiful parrot at the zoo yesterday.
It is a cheaper choice.
Planning ahead of time is very important.
How many years did he spend in prison?
A young girl was forced to marry an old man who impregnated her.
My mother is a staunch Catholic.
The school fees has been returned back to the parents.
The top leaderships tend to see previously close associates as possible enemies.
Today's football match will be played in the national stadium.
Some men beat their wives at home.
The answer lies in popular care until we can use cameras and trackers.
People vowed to fight for unity and togetherness in Arua district.
People were warned against moving with money and interceptions of the criminals.
Some party officials inject personal money.
She harvested all the ripe mangoes from the tree.
Karamagi said it is also surprising that the creditors are silent
Parents were told not to pay for immunization.
The parliamentary seats are allocated according to the share of votes a party got.
Do you deliver food to people's homes?
Communication skills should be part of the education curriculum.
Who is the largest consumer of coffee in Uganda?
He presented the information.
Motorcycles are very convenient for business people.
A single income is not enough for basic needs.
All road users must obey traffic regulations.
Donations are essential for the smooth running of orphanages.
The main referral hospital in Uganda is located in Kampala.
The schools are still waiting for the decision of the government.
Most of his songs had educational messages.
Some Muslims broke away from the Supreme Council when it sold off Muslim properties.
Street lights make people feel safe at night.
Lagardere lost its contract with the Asian football confederation.
Yellow fever is a very dangerous disease.
He will pay school fees for the best well-behaved pupils.
The school has not prepared for the prefects' elections.
My uncle could not wait to get off the plane and see his family.
The number of coronavirus cases in the country is worrying.
Many people have battled against the virus and recovered.
All positions of the cabinet were readvertised.
In this situation, ambulances are very necessary.
He was found dead in his room.
Farmers use herbicides to kill weeds from the garden.
The government will ensure peaceful elections this year.
What keeps you busy during the day.
This year, many music shows have been cancelled due to the pandemic.
Always keep your password to yourself.
He will be punished for his crimes.
How has coronavirus affected the agricultural activities in Uganda?
He joined this school last year.
Uganda is a beautiful country.
Kampala district reported fifty seven more new cases of the coronavirus on Sunday.
Few people went to the market during the lockdown.
The Bishop urged us to pray about all situations.
I was frustrated.
My bedsheets were made from cotton.
She cut off communication with him after the divorce.
They are teaching the community the dangers related to smoking.
Human rights are for both genders.
He said that more land would be provided for tree planting.
He has no permanent address.
There were many performances at the school concert.
It is unclear when the refugees will settle in the camp.
That house has deep cracks in the walls.
The Chinese embassy in Harare put the figure.
All candidate students are expected at school by end of next week.
What services should be performed on a particular vehicle?
More funding should be given to beekeepers to grow their businesses.
The oldest chimpanzee in Uganda died recently.
Employees can reject leave suggested by employers.
We listed the items we needed to start up the business.
Some people are not happy with the president's decision.
Isingiro District is improving its agricultural markets.
The results showed that girls dominated boys in the final exams.
The tournament was aimed at promoting students' talents.
Leaders need to be transparent about their land compensation policies.
My neighbor passed away yesterday.
The dominant narrative is that these gadgets serve mostly as platforms for connection.
At what time will the function start?
The government should increase the funds allocated to local governments.
People drink a lot of water on hot days.
Is it true that all leadership comes from God?
The staff members are required to wear uniforms while at work premises.
Teachers face very many challenges in the schools they teach.
He spent nearly thirty years in the promotion of constitutionalism and good governance.
Men still disrespect their wives.
What is the name of your village?
After he escaped from prison, he was on the run for two years.
A new minister of health has been appointed.
He showed us his new shoes.
He failed because the examination questions were difficult for him to understand.
What are some of the most common words used in English?
Most elderly people are on medication.
She lay down and pretended to be asleep.
That opposition party is funded by a big international organization.
She is singing for her little sister.
Do not despise others because they are poor.
They were supposed to give the president maximum protection.
Parents are advised to look through their children`s work on visitation days.
The community was very excited to welcome the new priest.
All organisations make financial reports at the end of each year.
It does not run any business that generates revenue for the party.
The member of parliament was aged seventy-six when he died.
The general public has distrust in law enforcement institutes
The old woman takes care of her grandchildren because her son died.
The letter I received did not have any details of the sender.
The bishop team will embark on purchasing a brand new double cabin.
Ethnic strife leads to years of violence, instability, and economic collapse.
We were given enough time to prepare for the examination.
The national environment management authority should emphasize afforestation.
The district acquired protective materials for Covid nineteen.
Each party bears its costs when you settle the case at mediation
The dead are often remembered.
In some families, fathers are the sole providers.
The choice is up to you.
Defence lawyers explained that their client has a right to legal processes.
Women have neglected their responsibilities at home.
She is getting ready for the party.
Organizations help society to fight poverty through beekeeping.
We are very patient.
Some African countries withdrew from the African Union.
There are both Catholic and Anglican Archbishops.
The leader led the sit down strike in the town center.
This was announced by the minister.
The chairman called for a community meeting.
Performance of male students was better than female students.
Refugees have not engaged in business activities.
The police discovered the suspect's bow and arrow.
The elections were well organized.
It builds a bond between the mother and the premature baby.
Social media is target casting.
Sudanese income per capita declined by half according to the international monetary fund.
Lake Victoria has contributed to the development of East Africa.
There are over ten allegations of smuggling.
Parents should look after all their children.
Rabies is one of the diseases that affect animals and people.
News anchors investigate and report current situations in the country.
She described to me the whole scenario.
Rwanda does not take lightly threats of invasions from neighboring countries
News travels faster than you expect.
Finalists for the supreme award included Audi e-Tron, BMW three series, Citroen Cfive Aircross.
They lost the match.
This plant has yellow leaves with brown spots between the veins.
There was a concern that broadcasting could be captured to become an anti-democratic force.
The diocese has different departments.
It is also incorporated into higher institutions of learning curricula across the region.
The funds were provided to fight against coronavirus.
Over seventy teachers were transferred from Kampala district to other districts in Uganda.
Who are the responsible citizens?
He works as a security guard at the airport.
You will use the remaining apples to make juice for lunch.
This, therefore, begs one to ask.
He called upon parents to guide their children.
The company will construct bridges with a lifespan of one hundred twenty years.
Seventy five people were struck by lightning in Congo.
Discussions on Ebola, human immunodeficiency virus and Malaria are underway.
Poor payment of fees by parents badly affects learners' results.
Advice from medical officers is crucial to our healthy wellbeing
Well thought out comment
The ministry will vaccinate a circle suspected to be having ebola cases.
Using mobile money, people can now settle payment transactions on the phone.
Right now elections have no real consequences.
Six months since the last service, the oil should be changed.
Is police lawfully allowed to torture prisoners?
It is not the first time people have been evicted.
The district needs to recruit competent people.
National Water and Sewerage Corporation can't grow sustainably without continuously training the people.
They flew out of the country.
The hospital does not have emergency rooms.
He did not greet me.
He teaches the students over the weekend.
What was in last month's health report?
The project provides people with a clean source of power.
The cow dung which is in the kraal will be taken to the garden as manure.
Mbarora lost the election to his competitor.
The government wants to construct a big hospital where students can also study.
Teenage pregnancy is a major interference to the educational achievement of girls.
Some people in our village use donkeys for transport.
He played cricket for ten years.
Uganda has an underdeveloped ambulance system.
Schools should emphasize a balance between academics and sports.
Security agencies should respect the constitution.
In times of calamity, foreigners usually travel back to their home countries.
Some people die because they don't receive blood in time.
Since the baby was premature, she held him close to her chest.
The officials have sensitized people to conserve wildlife.
People who duplicate other people's products need to be arrested.
It is difficult to meet all your goals in a year.
He wanted to prove to everyone that he is rich.
The team was eliminated in the third round.
The story about the president's death had no genuine source.
I have participated in political activities on the Ugandan scene.
The candidates were delighted that the public came to cheer them on.
The disabled should be considered while making development plans.
The court decided to take back the money.
The amount of money required to take a coronavirus test will be communicated.
How many litres of water are in that tank?
He said parents participating in child labour would be arrested.
Her pictures spread on social media like wildfire.
My uncle was fired from his previous job.
Because of feed poisoning, animals may go down and die suddenly.
The book is titled "Kizza Besigye: Uganda's Unfinished Revolution"
She attended the new year's party at my place.
I back up all my phone contacts on my google account.
He wants to go to bed.
The role of the specialist will be to draft the technical guidelines.
She belongs to another family.
He has just been confirmed dead.
The agenda included issues in the community.
The society will pray for the deceased for three days.
Has your father returned from Kenya?
Why do people save money?
The boys are taught by their parents how to manage the garden.
Cultural leaders should preach peace and harmony in their communities
There are land wrangles between the colonialists and the residents.
She does most of her work while sitting.
We have had no access to water since yesterday.
The fire was caused by electricity.
The government has released funds for the construction of a reception office in this game park.
The doctors advise people to include vegetables on every meal.
Beekeepers should be taught on how to market their honey.
Our company has received more customers this year because of its good reputation.
Party defectors usually don't last long in their new parties
I mix honey in my milk tea instead of sugar.
The political leaders have agreed that the country should have free and fair elections.
The leader had prepared a donation for a Womens' group.
How much does it cost to have the land surveyed?
Christians should have their faith and trust in God.
He was the guild president of the university last academic year.
We met at his office today.
There are six candidates in the race for president.
International trade is of great benefit to all nations.
The bank will not make any business partnerships.
The government has discovered the actual cause of the landslides in this area.
She is anxiously waiting for the release of the results.
He was suffering from ulcers.
International Organizations often come out to donate food to refugees
Students must be counted before the exam.
The court hearing starts today.
Some guns obtained illegally come from cattle rustlers in Karamoja region
Why do we need a budget?
The truck he was driving was delivering bricks to that construction site.
Doctors wear protective gear like gloves and masks when offering treatment to the patient.
The Ugandan currency is depreciating.
India is one of the countries with the highest number of coronavirus patients.
Our football team spends three hundred million Ugandan shillings on players' salaries annually.
He said we should do good to others.
Museveni was in the know about these fights
Kneeling down to pray is part of her daily routine.
Technical and vocational education has been introduced in several districts in Uganda.
Some religious leaders have a low standard of living.
Can a health centre be upgraded to a hospital?
He was requested to say something.
My mother raises money for our school fees by selling bananas from her farm.
The rich man's possessions were featured in the national newspapers.
The doctor gave him some medicine that put him to sleep.
I want to charge my phone.
Human resource is recruiting new members to fill up the vacant positions in the company.
Some of the locals are living in harsh conditions.
One of the leaders of our town was in office for twenty years.
Hepatitis can be prevented if one takes the three vaccines
Several materials is being shared with farmers to upskill them.
How has the pandemic affected the education system in Uganda?
Youth have got serious mental illnesses due to drugs.
They refused to participate in the riots.
It requires unity within the party to win an election.
The municipal council has ensured that hand washing terminals are all over the place.
I am certain doctors learned a lot during this pandemic.
We can easily identify a car by the help of its number plate.
The prisons are very congested.
Diabetes is a dangerous disease with no cure.
The old students of the school have donated scholastic materials.
The patient was transferred to another hospital.
In such a situation, coping with the substitute product becomes the number one key priority.
The best school in the district got forty-four aggregates.
The police will arrest lawbreakers.
Leaders should aim to unite people.
She is ninety days overdue on her bank loan.
He published his book in two thousand eighteen.
There was an increase in sexual violence during the coronavirus pandemic in Uganda.
She started equipping people with knowledge at the Uganda Christian University.
My son is a good dancer.
One of the witnesses was very nervous during the court session.
The road will be a network link to different areas in the region.
Food is a basic need in Uganda.
There will be a two-day discussion about the pest outbreak.
She was tired and fell asleep during the lectures.
The district is not effective at monitoring and coordinating project activities.
The district officials have failed to properly and effectively plan for the people.
The quantity of milk is measured in litres.
What are the rules governing this place?
It is one of the newly created cities.
According to the same report, cases of break-ins, theft, and robbery continued to increase.
It is good to always have peaceful elections.
She is a very hard working woman.
Workers are periodically assessed on their performance.
Newspapers can be bought anywhere and their prices are low.
Uganda has beautiful sites that you can visit for vacation.
Radio Uganda is the first of its network of state-of-the-art centers across the region.
We have been friends for over ten years.
Why are you scared?
The court ordered the police officers to withdraw back to their barracks.
What do people get from taking drugs?
Humanitarians are concerned with promoting human welfare.
Most projects aim at improving people's lives.
The government is doing whatever it can to protect children rights
What kind of garbage disposal do I need?
Many students received terror threats.
Some children in babies homes are refugees.
He claimed that the youths from the opposition side led the violence.
In all cases, the government has not reacted firmly.
Health officials closed many drug shops during the inspection exercise.
Students should be able to carry out independent research.
Many people lost their lives in the rebellion against the ruling government.
Insecurity hinders development.
I love craftwork.
New industrial parks are established within the country.
A person with weak immunity can easily fall sick.
When farmers' products are ready, they are harvested.
We should be cautious  before we get involved
It is a source of income to the farmers who sell tobacco leaves.
Some of the locals do not have anything to eat.
The money was handed over to the task force.
How do you know if someone is an expert?
The priest blessed the offering during the Sunday service.
The current heavy rains are causing floods which are destroying people's property.
The football fans fundraised for their football team.
You are not my brother.
He brought the money back home.
Some mothers prefer to breastfeed their babies for two years.
Church leaders planted over two hundred trees in our area.
I believe the much bigger story is how much these platforms have decentralized power.
The officials will organise debates in schools about the prevailing challenges in society.
Government policies should always be introduced at the district level.
The senior bank officials were allegedly accused of fraud.
Even developed countries have been negatively affected by coronavirus.
He was the only suspect for the murder of the legislator.
Government is to buy tablets for children in public schools in our home village.
It is more official to put your request in writing.
Are you a football fan?
The district officials sometimes use these ambulances to smuggle goods into the country.
A patient who died of coronavirus disease will be laid to rest this September.
Parents lack the income to provide for the academic needs of their children.
Let us meet in the trading centre.
He got rid of all the bed bugs in his house.
He bought his motorcycle on credit.
The hospital is responsible for every admitted patient.
My daughter has been awarded a scholarship because of her very good performance.
Women give birth in the maternity ward.
The samples for the contacts were taken for testing.
Government services do not reach remote communities.
President Museveni sidelined the officials in his plan to win over the ghetto.
Poaching is an illegal activity that affects the tourism sector.
The leaders disrespected the minister.
What is the mission of our company?
He was advised to remain faithful to God.
Caterpillars attack crops like tomatoes and leafy vegetables.
They do the work that no one can be able to do
Expectant mothers should be very mindful of their diet.
The car bond owner agreed that I can pay for the car in five installments.
The football fans were not happy with the referee's decisions during the match.
It will create good relationships among people in the transport business.
The army claims that it owns the land.
Very many graduates lack jobs in Uganda.
The young Museveni would have been revolted by this crass bribery and political opportunism.
Government should provide resources to the refugees.
The opposition must suggest alternative policies to the government.
We had a very long discussion on phone.
The deal was criticized.
Farmers did not register because they were not interested.
The teacher left the class in anger.
The bishop gave a very educative and informative message.
Diageo's two thousand twenty water target is to reduce water consumption by fifty percent.
They assaulted police officers before being shot.
Social media platforms help reach a wider network of people.
The old woman lost most of her teeth.
Those in government embezzle most government money.
How much money have you invested in that football club?
People are going to the villages to spend the festive season
We are dealing with people who have no respect for human life.
The landlady chased him from her house for violating noise regulations.
We should avoid physical contact to reduce the spread of coronavirus.
There is a sense of impunity in certain cultures.
More jobs have been created.
He is likely to lose the election.
That is not a formal greeting.
The government was on its way to fulfilling its promise to Baganda.
Uganda's military expenditure has exponentially increased in twenty-eighteen.
Money from the government in salaries and allowances is given to party teams.
The camp leaders are not on good terms.
On November twenty-first the Nile Breweries limited team contributed a hundred crates of beer.
This will give them the skills and experience of running a national election.
His salary was increased.
Some shops in town do not pay taxes.
These insects prefer feeding on human blood to an animal.
The cement firm's initiative seems to have succeeded with setting up the Park.
I promise you that I will finish the assignment on time.
He was surprised that the iron sheets were not delivered to the school.
It is important to discipline students at home.
Her husband accused her of stealing money from his wallet.
Leonardo is the artist who created the Mona Lisa.
The division will affect both districts negatively.
Some financial institutions give loans with high-interest rates.
Children in refugee camps should get an education like normal citizens
One of the causes of road accidents is over speeding.
Some companies reduced the salaries of employees by fifty percent during the lockdown.
In the African setting, elders are respected.
They have been so silent since yesterday.
Besides wildlife, what else attracts tourists into the country?
The president encouraged scientists to come up with innovations.
It is a source of income for refugees.
Which media companies publish newspapers in Uganda?
He was very grateful to his parents.
A suspect was convicted trying to access the head of the legislature
Investors are looking for land.
At least every homestead in Uganda has a radio.
He made a conceptual error such as multiply two fractions.
We are not the same.
My father has a debt of five million Uganda shillings.
The divorce was mutual, and both parties had issued a joint statement.
Students are very poor at Mathematics.
She fell in the road, and the crowd gathered around him.
Results were promising as the disease was almost eliminated.
His property was taken because he failed to clear the loan balance.
Immigrants in Uganda could be one of the leading causes of diseases.
People are now praying through the media.
I am taking my daughter to dancing school.
Golf is one of the most competitive sports in the world.
Some patients are flown out of the country for further treatment because of inadequate medical facilities.
Her assailants were never identified and arrested.
Lawyers look smart in suits.
Money must be accounted for.
She won her first individual title by winning the junior race last year.
The fire kept burning after trying to extinguish it.
This lake is one of the deepest lakes in the world.
For over sixty years, Uganda was being governed by the British government.
During the pandemic, no one was allowed to drive their vehicle to other districts.
He walked in the heavy rain.
He is a sales executive at a local insurance firm.
Some schools do not have enough resources to start online classes.
Several people have lost their lives.
Sports betting has brought many ills to young people in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Most of the people that participated in the riot were arrested.
The crime rate in Uganda has reduced.
The money will be transferred to the school account.
It signed protocols for establishing the Customs Union.
Changing the administrator does not change the factors that led the company into provisional administration
What do you have to say about the new virus?
Voters should secure their ability to vote
There is poaching in the game parks.
The available coronavirus vaccines are not enough for everyone in the country.
We have never seen each other since last Christmas.
The health services are accessed by people from different parts of the country.
The school has been renovated during this time of the lockdown.
Do you prefer wooden or metallic doors?
Bars are still closed because of coronavirus.
He didn’t give me bread.
Politicians are important people in society.
Early pregnancy is bad.
We must stop gender violence.
Some children can’t afford their school fees.
She has three female pigs on her farm.
I enjoy band music.
What causes high blood pressure in people?
Paying people's salaries in time motivates them to work more
Six hundred million shillings will be allocated to payments.
Besides Uganda, other countries in Africa have national parks.
Political parties should evaluate themselves to improve.
They requested the students to write down all their challenges.
Scoring more than a hundred goals for the national team is a great achievement.
Mothers work hard and forget about their children.
Branded milk is safer for children compared to milk sold on the streets.
Some countries in the Northern part of African have light-skinned people.
Some drunkards lose their tempers and beat their wives at home.
The government will register the affected people and furnish them with aid.
The problem of irregular power supply still exists in Uganda.
He wants to have a meeting with the leaders from the district.
Ugandans are fond of begging for food and money from the government during the lockdown.
The headmaster was not aware of students selling their personal property.
Oil waste has poisons that damage the soil and kill crops.
Students should review their work every day.
Prisoners were discontented.
My sister is worried that her husband might leave her for another woman.
They strategized on how to generate more income.
She called me by my sister's name.
The church helped thousands of people to get a sustainable source of water.
They spent two years in prison.
Health care services enable women to go through pregnancy and childbirth safely.
Some people did not support the Besigye campaigning during the two thousand sixteen elections.
Even excited people should not break police barriers.
Age mates can easily get along quickly.
The management has built houses for all teachers in school.
Your actions could be ministry before God.
Top health officials should champion the fight against corruption in hospitals.
Are they inviting us to get involved in their politics?
The person in charge of this training is very experienced in the field.
During elections, candidates spend more money on people to try and get their votes.
The Uganda Olympic winners were recognized by the president.
I heard your song on the radio.
There are many rivers in Uganda.
Our company manager was fired.
He named his company after his wife.
Leaders influence their subordinates.
The district needs to obtain land for the establishment of the institute.
Many refugees suffer from malnutrition due to lack of a balanced diet
The ministry of water and environment has preserved over five thousand wetlands.
Pupils are underperforming at school.
The locals claimed that they never received the food that was donated to them.
It is said that media employees are paid low salaries.
I could not participate in the elections because I was sick.
She refused to participate in the election.
The church fundraised for road construction.
The image of women has improved compared to the past.
The rebel leader was arrested.
Researchers can turn the glowing feature on and off at will.
Wars lead to the loss of people's lives and property.
Crop protection increases food security.
We should not solely rely on some foreigners.
Of what benefit shall electronic vouchers be to the farmers?
Centenary park is located along Kampala-Jinja road.
All these things are against me.
The increase in the tax rates made the people riot.
She wept over the death of her dog.
The public misunderstands corruption by thinking all government officials are rich
They discussed leadership.
The template is still a work in progress.
Farmers cooperatives also offer financial support to farmers.
He bought a book from his savings.
I am not feeling well today.
Through practice, people are able to sharpen their skills.
Ambulance services involve bureaucratic processes at the district.
The opposing team won the debate.
This town is very disorganized.
Please help me clean the house.
She slapped her boss because he was harassing her.
We bought a bridal magazine.
I was walking to the Senior Quarters where I lived.
Her baby went missing in the hospital.
Many become friends again after settling their cases at mediation.
They can also check their vital signs and administer certain treatments from the exterior.
We overcame that big problem because one can now buy the tiles off-shelf.
The Queen of England came to Uganda in two thousand seven to attend the commonwealth.
The limitations of the work have been identified.
They got rid of each other, the issue is custody of their children.
He wrote a book about the war in Nigeria.
The advancement in the health care system has facilitated the provision of more effective medical solutions.
The planned meeting had to approve the budget.
The path was very narrow for the car to pass.
The district was able to control and eradicate the disease, unlike other districts.
How did the accident happen?
Elections are done on specific dates.
The woman still provides for her children despite her disabilities.
It increased their ability to achieve their objectives effectively and efficiently.
The club goalkeeper was falsely accused of defiling a fifteen-year-old girl.
It is not the only government that is seeking his deportation.
The elders welcomed his proposal during the meeting.
People in urban areas can use small spaces for poultry farming.
He is not allowed to play in the next five matches of the season.
The government has constructed more health facilities around the country.
She is washing her clothes.
What is the main role of a judge?
The organization will fall if all employees don't work together.
Some families do not have food to eat during this lockdown.
I won't leave this place today.
People should always do what is appropriate.
How may I help you?
The market vendors said they had many challenges.
The minister calls upon people not to believe in false information running on social media
Is it true that rumour-mongering is a form of corruption?
The firm has been in operation in Kasese in the South Western part of Uganda.
It was prohibited for women to wear trousers in the old days.
Sick people are advised to swallow their medicine after eating something.
The failed meeting resulted in a police case.
We have never had anything bad about him.
The new committee members will swear in next month.
People have encroached on most of the wetlands in Arua district.
My mother is a devoted Christian.
Some locals want him removed from the position of mayor.
She was released from prison this afternoon.
Most students need special attention from their teachers in order to excel.
Halid Lwaliwa scored the winning goal for Uganda against Southern Sudan this Thursday.
God answers our prayers.
The matter was unclear even after he had given his explanation.
Even with the right people, operations will not be run efficiently.
Parents are encouraged to make proper planning for their children.
The school football team has won all the five matches they have played so far.
I am going to look at the stars.
Ntoroko is the least corrupt district in Uganda.
The strategic reasons for the telecom firm need to be checked with a commercial sensibility
The army aspirant died after the run was flagged off.
She abandoned her children and got married to another man.
There is an increase in water access to farmers today.
They follow your scent upwind and can see you at a distance.
The police arrested the people that were found in that bar.
Students were also told to stay away from bad company.
Recruitment exercise involves interaction between the employer and the applicant.
We were advised to boil water before drinking it.
Health workers lack protective gears and materials when treating patients.
The Ministry of Lands, Housing, and Urban Development implemented this project to support infrastructure development.
My brother is one of the newly appointed army generals.
The project has finally been funded.
There is a malaria outbreak in Uganda.
All children were silent in the classroom.
The women's stories are hardly ever told to the public.
Why do people preach the gospel?
What is the capital city of Uganda?
The bankers can't be charged with illegal entry into the country.
The owner of that company only hires his relatives.
The government has increased agricultural output through National Agricultural Advisory Services.
He has three children outside his marriage.
The man was jailed for several years.
The man died in hospital.
The law on abortion in Uganda is not favorable for many women.
There is proper documentation for the project beneficiaries.
There are several broken marriages in Uganda.
He does not look fine.
Why don't you work from home instead of going to the office?
The law is silent on the matter.
My friend is a nurse.
What is the number of confirmed coronavirus cases in Uganda?
Police have arrested a man for stealing his neighbour's cow.
Kaggwa was laid to rest at his ancestral home in Mpambire, Mpigi district.
Under what conditions can the court cancel an election?
Every patient is supposed to go to referral hospitals with a medical attendant.
On following the doctor's advice, he has lived longer with the diseases.
Some people fetch water from wells.
The district education officer has failed to monitor schools in the area.
The ambulances will be released before the next year.
The government needs more funds to facilitate the refugees.
He is the state minister for relief and disaster preparedness.
A soldier's life is different from a civilian's life.
Their children aren't interested in any sports activities.
Why are people so heartless in this world?
The minister ordered the arrest of the journalist who captured the story.
Do the needful to prevent diabetes.
They are many sick people in the hospital.
We have three new cases of coronavirus patients today.
The diseases can be categorized based on different grounds.
The venue for the wedding ceremony has been changed because of the weather.
Truck drivers who tested positive for coronavirus were taken back to their home countries.
The federation of football has awarded the best players of the season.
Parents always defend their children.
He is now an international football player.
Why is it necessary to wear a mask during this season of the pandemic?
The police is using different tactics to fight the murderers.
What are some of the signs of coronavirus?
He fought for his country.
He is strong as a horse.
The current political situation in the country is so annoying.
Why are you getting involved in their business?
Some people left the party.
Girls who are not in school are at a high risk of early pregnancy.
Our daughter does not eat meat.
They donated food to the poor.
Lack of unity can hinder progress.
The National Resistance Movement bosses in Kampala continue to bicker.
The heavy rains blew off the roof.
There are civil wars in South Sudan.
Artists in art school learn by studying artists like Leonardo Da Vinci's artworks.
Where does the Chief Justice come from?
Division among club members can lead to the collapse of the club.
She fell asleep on the bus.
Her father bought for her a new book.
Clubs also get good players from national school competitions.
Orphanages offer educational services to interested orphans.
Parents should observe and identify their children's talents.
Typhoid can cause death.
Who has switched off the lights?
My daughter fears caterpillars.
Some people lost their jobs during the pandemic.
There is a lot of poverty in rural areas
These include severe gambling, addiction, and money laundering
The Ugandan government has issued land titles to twenty three Mbale residents.
Prevent diseases early in order to avoid later repercussions.
Civil servants may strike due to low salaries.
This project will be funded by foreign organizations.
Those involved in the illegal selling of goods will be held accountable.
The courts have many cases to handle.
The police engaged in some brutal acts.
I am expecting a visitor this afternoon.
African countries are learning how to use technology.
The project will help refugees in proper feeding and improving their diets.
The sanitation in Makerere university is lacking lately.
We are working towards having a better tomorrow.
I doubt she will survive this illness.
I have been praying from the same church since childhood.
Send me a message on my phone.
Pastors, priests and bishops have used media platforms to preach the gospel.
How do you access market information for sweet potatoes?
People should be sensitized about road safety to avoid accidents.
It is important for the midwives to have annual training to promote knowledge dissemination.
Women ought to maintain personal hygiene.
He held a press conference to address the political situation in Uganda.
A suspected coronavirus case from Masaka region has turned out to be negative.
Many other products are available on the market
Her job application was rejected.
The Medical implementation plan has been launched.
There is a certain company that can do this job.
The opposition, civil society, and other countries have voiced their fears.
The works were collected from more than ten countries across the world.
The Ministry of Agriculture will verify and supply planting materials.
If you love someone, love them with all your soul.
He has embarrassed his family with his drinking habits.
There will be a live update on the coronavirus cases by the minister of Health.
Very many people volunteered to visit the orphanage.
Why is she your best friend?
The district leaders will monitor government projects.
Porous borders are one of the channels used for smuggling.
She truly deserved the award for the best arts reporter in the country.
I wish we could be relocated to a new area.
The cancellation of the heads of state summit reflects the bloc's state of affairs.
Members claimed that the speaker should be effective and efficient.
We have not had any executive meetings since last month.
Uganda's athletics are performing well these days.
People should be compensated before any road construction takes place.
The wife and the driver were also injured in the shooting.
Twenty-one military agreements were signed in the last five years between Russia and Africa.
There is an increase in poverty in the region.
Some businesses depend on electricity for their operations.
Its headquarters are in Cairo.
The government equipped all schools with the materials to help learners pass their exams.
Just tell me the truth.
The headmaster handed in his resignation letter.
Illegal acts are condemned by the court.
There are several recommendable pesticides when spraying beans.
How can I get my medical records from the hospital?
That pastor has many followers.
This damaged plant might have been eaten by the Fall armyworm.
Activities help people to be active in the local decision-making processes.
Enormous is used to mean huge.
What are the duties of the referee?
The sports betting industry's growth has led to addiction among the youth
The education system needs to be improved.
Uganda has many football academics that help to develop talent.
He invested his money in constructing rentals.
Congo was affected by the war.
Her in-laws love her so much.
Religious leaders were requested to keep out of politics.
We need to take care of ourselves.
Political campaigns are occasions for bribery of voters.
The two siblings have a good relationship.
The education system needs to be upgraded.
Wrongdoers should be arrested.
Improved seed varieties increase good quality output and guarantee better agricultural exports.
Due to the pandemic, the ministry allows only two hundred people in the church.
There are both private and government-owned hospitals in the country.
Call me after one hour.
The school did not perform well in this year's national examinations.
The reporter has the details from breastfeeding mothers.
We want to know if social distancing exists.
The company sells high-quality iron sheets.
Will our friendship be damaged if you don't get that job?
How accessible is Arua city from Koboko district?
The headteacher requested parents to take children to his school.
Why are you leaving when the company is making profits?
The pastor's wife introduced the sewing project to the youth.
He was a commissioner in charge of the Uganda Constitutional Commission.
The East African community aimed at having a single currency.
Collective efforts are in place to defeat one of the most dangerous diseases.
Anite' s side argued the government has all the possible means and power to remove Bemanya.
Musando said the cement firm ensures that in landscaping the environment is suitable.
Vegetable oil production is an example of value addition to agricultural produce.
It is an act of kindness if employers treat the lockdown period as leave.
They restricted access to the laboratory.
The two police officers severely beat the murder suspect.
The patient became weaker day by day.
The operation included police and court bailiffs.
The hospital lacks medical personnel to handle patients.
One of the common deficiencies in orange plants is yellowing of the leaf tips.
The post-genocide government built a system of local government.
She has refused to leave her old house.
When are you planting the mango seedlings?
Fundraising is one way to get money.
What are some of the physical features that attract tourists in Uganda?
People were discussing the World Cup final.
Business people enjoy the profits from their businesses.
How can you, in this short time take on Museveni?
Online education is suitable for working students.
People need a change of leadership in Arua city.
That is my sister in the photograph.
The losses are arising out of a major investment in the oil sector.
There is no evidence to show that he committed the offence.
Someone from a poor family can still be successful in life.
All basic needs are not available in the camps.
Alcohol is not for those under the age of eighteen years.
Health check-ups are a necessity.
What does is it take to be a winner?
Uganda registered its first coronavirus case in March two thousand twenty.
The organization has made profits in the last season.
People dislike wearing masks.
He wants to work with that hospital.
In order to be safe, you should never stay on mountain slopes.
The cigarette maker said it would start exporting tobacco soon.
Do not eat leftover food because it might be contaminated.
Join the effort to widen awareness of viral diseases.
The health official encouraged residents to practice social distancing.
We hurried to chase the thief that had stolen a motorcycle from our friend.
Local council leaders have suggested a day for weekly general cleaning.
The people in the villages keep coming to the city in search of jobs.
Some children in rural areas are affected by early marriages.
Kinobe stressed that most people will be left out of the registration process.
Most students have a perception that science subjects are very hard.
I work with an insurance company.
The installed cameras are not working.
The district officials took bribes in the national identity card registration exercise.
The information was received late.
There is a lot of traffic on the road.
She donates a lot of money for charity.
Support should be given to the torture victims.
Living in a city has a lot of disadvantages.
Witnesses at the trial were given police protection.
There are no fees charged for individuals planning to work for the government.
It is natural for people to appreciate their cultures better than other cultures.
The faster you move, the harder your engine has to work to push the car through the wind.
Kisoro has many tourist activities.
The level of absenteeism in schools is so high.
The bible says that love your neighbour as you love yourself.
People cannot access health and education services because of poor roads.
She is a mother to twins.
Our school is under renovation.
Narrowcasting was driven by conflict and disagreement.
Her family is the richest in the village.
The installation of cameras will start in towns.
How much money did you withdraw?
Please help her if you can.
Countrymen enjoy international football than local football.
The gunmen killed one police officer.
The locals cut down trees to burn charcoal.
The move has been welcomed by different people.
What are some of the good healthy habits?
Nineteen years later, Winnie appears to have been prophetic on both counts.
He is searching for a woman to marry.
The crisis justifies the waiver of the prescribed procurement procedures.
New players have been signed into the team.
Those two buildings look alike.
How many litres of milk does he sell in a day?
It is okay to be selfish sometimes.
Corruption scandals rocked the country.
Tree planting can be a source of income.
The ruling political party fought for peace in Uganda.
He won the school singing competitions last year.
The company intends to recruit more employees in the marketing department.
He wrote a report about the benefits of the new type of tomatoes.
Solar lights were installed but the batteries were stolen at night.
The government of Uganda has done its best to control the spread of coronavirus in the country.
The program was designed to enhance institutional performance to improve urban service delivery.
What are the signs of high blood pressure?
However, he tried bravely, some might say naively, to exercise his executive powers.
It is good to always be patient.
Does arresting a criminal resolve anything?
The nurses are few at this hospital.
What criteria is followed when appointing new Archbishops of Uganda?
The paint needs to dry first before you cover it.
She enjoys eating irish potatoes.
They train for the match daily.
Uganda has the biggest refugee group in the region.
Many children fail to complete school because of inadequate funds.
A trained person is more productive at work than the unskilled.
The Bishop has authority over the priests and deacons.
The patient was given food to gain strength.
Presidential aspirant Bobi Wine said Kaggwa did his best.
His family lived in poverty for over five years
Hilly areas usually have a high altitude.
I bought a bar of soap.
The government has purchased land for the resettlement of the flood victims.
A job is a source of financial hope for most employees.
Eating too much processed food poses a health threat to an individual.
Every manufactured product has an expiry date.
There are increasing cases of child neglect in the area.
Testing confirms whether one is infected with a disease or not.
It has an objective of fully developing and building the capacity of the Centre.
Children are taught various skills.
Between two thousand thirteen and two thousand seventeen, Chinese arms sales increased.
Nowadays you have to wash your hands before you enter the bank.
The family took the man's corpse to the insurance company.
The director of Wamala Mixed Secondary School Assad Wamala, in Mpigi.
The accounts department had a meeting today.
He built his mother a new house.
Some African countries have lost many people to coronavirus.
Northern and West Nile regions experience drought from November up to march.
Hospitals lack the income to take ambulances for maintenance.
I trust my mother very much.
Small scale businesses need financial support.
The President rewards people who give exceptional services to the country.
Women had a workshop today morning.
The cows gave us a lot of meat.
Christians are wondering why their leader was attacked.
During last year's lockdown, schools were used as quarantine centers.
They also donated foodstuff.
Victory goes to the one who wins the battle.
It can be promoted by revamped training curricula.
The observers say that this might be a recipe for severe divisions.
My daughter was the twelfth student to arrive at the school yesterday.
She has difficulties in breathing.
He always comes home late.
As soon as the car entered, she closed the gate.
There is tight competition between the local and foreign oil companies in Uganda.
The regional leaders strongly rejected the use of schools for coronavirus patients.
People should work together and combat diseases.
The referee was unfair.
No traffic policemen and women are harassing ordinary motorists.
How can we increase food production in Uganda?
Some people earn money from football.
The district has a population of over two hundred thousand.
We broke the big stone into smaller pieces using a hammer.
She believes in her husband.
My grandfather was one of the first musicians in Uganda.
The police is still investigating the minister's murder.
The communities around the factory had a good share of social and economic problems.
What did you buy from the market?
What does the law say about ignorance?
They had some disagreements.
Every year pilgrims make a trek to celebrate the martyrs.
The organisation has come out to support the women in society.
The power station is now covered with extensive natural vegetation.
Uganda has lots of debt with other countries.
The government provides services to people irrespective of their tribes, gender and religion.
I have never met you.
The girls have been skilled with hairdressing and tailoring skills.
People should extend knowledge to people who are close to them.
Her brother dropped out of school.
I am already scared.
People need to get alternative sources of fuel.
A birth registration exercise will commence to ease the acquisition of national identity cards.
Some parents take children to schools that provide scholarships and bursaries.
Do you have a map of Kampala?
May I have the food delivered to my office?
All these issues make wheel alignment important.
A teacher lured a girl into sex, promising to buy her scholastic materials.
Pesticides are chemicals used to prevent pests from attacking crops.
I forgot my former headteacher's name.
The models wore skirts made out of barkcloth.
The district should recruit drivers who are ethical and have maximum integrity.
He is rewarded and facilitated by the State like a minister.
Their proposed reforms will provide a level playground for all actors.
He got a contract of five years as an employee for the ministry.
What age should one stop being single?
People use electricity for cooking.
The school needs a nurse.
Has the class started?
The government wanted to increase political offices for the two tribes.
Only if he can be made to drop to seventy percent in the west.
Refugees have been able to engage in agricultural activities despite the existing challenges.
Each color of the traffic lights represents something.
Political parties have incentives they give to voters.
A personal car is of many benefits to the user.
Their house is old and in a poor state.
At what time do you leave school?
She had a breathing problem so she was put on a medical ventilator.
Sensitization on family planning will be added to Sexual reproductive health program.
Security officials manipulated the case involving the army officer.
The cause of fire outbreaks at schools is not known.
The mayoral seat elections have only the youth.
His mother was thankful to God for protecting her son.
The least supported party in Ugandan also wants to participate in the upcoming elections.
Yesterday evening, he was sitting at the neighbor's verandah.
Do you have food at your place?
Public school teachers are highly indebted.
The most common breed of pigs in Uganda is the large black.
Farming programs aired on radio help farmers to know the good planting seasons.
Some ladies love wearing artificial nails.
The district prayers will start the following week.
She borrowed two history books from the library.
Express fans should think about respecting the club's players one of these days.
Disciplinary measures are set to punish hostile people.
Why are you breathing like a rabbit?
The revenue authority requires a fifty per cent tax from the amount used during purchase.
The village leader promised to work hand in hand with the University.
Any other firm trying to penetrate the telecom market will have to struggle.
The government has tried to fight against coronavirus in Uganda.
International football players have fans globally.
The district doesn't have money for the maintenance of the security lights.
Uganda cranes topped the table.
Is it right to force an underage girl into marriage?
She said Paris is a beautiful city.
He arrived early for the event.
Children should be supported as they go through school.
The refugees have been given land to engage in Agricultural activities.
He divorced his second wife.
One female mosquito may have up to three thousand offspring.
She carried a picture of her late husband during the riot.
You must pay back that money.
You should eat energy giving foods.
He is planting maize this season?
She got a roommate because she could not afford to pay rent on her own.
The Christians are still conducting prayers and are not afraid of the virus.
Roads are being repaired by the ministry.
The organisation was targeting vulnerable people.
The district leaders will send sex education messages to the girls.
Election results are supposed to be announced as soon as possible.
Some teachers are usually biased.
There is a new way of checking learners academic progress.
Country shareholders have the chance to activate their shareholding rights.
She wants us to help her in carrying the luggage to the dormitory.
You have to be there for your brother.
What is commercial farming?
It is only for political reasons.
The football team got a new coach.
My brother was given a one year contract extension.
Why do so many relationships end in tears?
We need to assess every team member.
The refugees were able to promote the culture.
The top part of the maize plant has been eaten by these loitering goats.
The vendors are stranded with their goods outside the market.
Observers had doubts about a picture speaking a thousand words.
Some people get fatal accidents because of failing to pay their debts in time.
What is the gap between the poor and the rich?
He wishes his strongest competitor, good health.
She refused to cover her face scars with makeup.
Kenya has the best railway system in East Africa.
In June the civil war intensified and spread through the city.
Opposition candidates have been denied access to media stations.
Many people lack proper information on condoms.
Nor do they bother with another supposed fact.
The government has equipped districts with new computers and machines.
Award participants included service providers and academia.
The district leader refuted the allegations against the city.
He passed his examinations in first grade.
Samples were taken from individuals having coronavirus symptoms at a research institute.
Laboratory assistants are unsung heroes during the pandemic.
Donations can be of any form.
Land disputes have caused delays to the projects.
They do not want people to suffer from malnutrition.
He once served as a missionary at the age of nineteen.
He promised to follow the rules backed by the law.
He is the youngest employee in the office.
We should try to finish our work on time.
How were the coronavirus cases handled in Uganda?
He is not allowed to work anymore.
People do not trust the coronavirus results from the task force.
The Member of Parliament donated masks and sanitizers to the hospital.
It is going to be the biggest hospital in the northern region.
It will improve the standards of living of the people in the northern region.
One buys the plot and builds at their pace without pressure.
The birds built a nest in the tree.
Maybe the oil prices will finally go down next month.
We announced our father's death over the radio.
She updated us about the current situation.
Police denied them the right to demonstrate freely.
The government has appointed a committee to fight corruption.
Why did you put this cup here?
The police investigations and reports take long causing a delay in justice.
The team is left with one match to play.
The army does not make any errors.
A new babies home is being constructed.
The policemen told the people to stand some inches away from each other.
The ministry did not have enough funds.
Her designs are unique and rare to find.
There were allegations of state torture against opposition members.
There are a lot of places to visit in Uganda.
Which rivers are flowing towards river Nile?
The manager laid off all his workers.
She has an estimated net worth of two trillion Ugandan shillings.
Coronavirus patients are responding well to the medicine.
Most policemen stay in the barracks with their families.
Many refugees lack access to employment, education, and medical care.
The child has only one eye.
Some pastors are not on good terms with one another.
Life after death remains a mystery.
All schools should follow health guidelines on mass gatherings.
They were very happy to win the match.
What kind of illness is he suffering from?
Government has given new cars to all religious leaders in our districts.
Be aware of the environment around you.
This success story is not reflective of the situation in the country.
Pass me that book on top of the speaker.
The organization wants to be involved in the management of the funds.
The community worked with police to capture the suspect.
She is very happy about her new job.
Quality work derives satisfaction.
The farmers did not know that they also have their rights.
People will have job security and the capacity to take care of their families.
They have always been subjected to hard work.
This story raises more questions than it answers.
He is a proud father of five girls.
He stood up from the chair and left the seat for the pregnant woman.
To become "We" requires a suspension of human nature's tribal instincts.
Saving will enable you to accumulate money for future investments.
My friend gifted me a bracelet.
Some exploited workers are not helped when they seek legal help.
We ought to love others despite their imperfections.
Parents have introduced learners to small businesses which have diverted their attention from school.
There is a disagreement between the leaders.
Large crowds and crowded places should be avoided to prevent the illness spread.
The government plans to bring back Ugandans who are stranded in other countries.
The investigations were carried out last year.
To solve the matter, Museveni dispatched Ronald Kibuule.
The family said they were left 'distraught and traumatized'.
The job requires her to move from one place to another.
She got married at the age of twenty three years.
The deputy prime minister chaired the commissioning of Arua taxi park.
Under what circumstances can someone be released on bond?
The partnership between Uganda and Germany will encourage research and technology.
Stadiums host thousands of people.
This is a dry season.
People should work together to enhance development in the region.
He cities butterflies that emerged as a result of creating an enabling environment.
The school is worrying the residents.
East African Breweries Limited recently acquired a company in Tanzania.
They hold services at Rubaga Cathedral every Sunday.
She has a melodious voice.
They agreed to remove trade barriers across the region.
They accuse the government of not providing the support they need.
He knows how to speak English.
She is raising awareness about protecting the environment from pollution.
A minister's child has been immunised against Measles-Rubella
When you break the law, you suffer the consequences.
Her father had over fifty children from different mothers.
Hotels should step up their security to protect their guests
We only have one laboratory in the hospital.
There are rules that govern the people in the village.
Many people in rural areas grow food for home consumption.
The Confederation for African Football was under the presidency of Issa Hayatou.
This poem was written by him.
Among all churches in Uganda, the catholic church has more land.
The accused will be taken to the courts of law.
Many people use the ferry.
Women must help each other in terms of economic development.
They want to serve the people.
Always try to solve matters by the law.
The leaders all provided keynotes during their address to the public.
Domestic violence has been on the rise during the lockdown.
Awareness of livestock health has been ongoing.
People will increase their cash inflow.
This is not funny.
She was the best artist in her category.
The national budget is passed every financial year.
What is the difference between a skill and a talent?
The new board of directors for Soroti referral hospital have been inaugurated.
Victoire Ingabire is an opposition figure in Rwanda.
The minister stopped the eviction of people during the lockdown.
They will be deducting their salary every month as a payment plan.
Employer decisions on employees have legal implications.
Locals should build fifty feet from the road to facilitate the road reserve.
I warned him not to take alcohol to school.
My mother will need at least six weeks to recover from the operation.
Look around to see if anyone is watching you.
School fees are a major issue for most parents.
The senior opposition leader was arrested while leading a march to opposition party headquarters.
The government has discovered that the locals started the fight with the police.
My brother is in the surgical ward.
Hospitals are overwhelmed by the number of admitted patients.
More kickboxing training centers have been established in the country.
There was a great sense of relief that this election was concluded.
The party celebrated its thirty-fourth anniversary in existence.
Local government plays an important role in the fight against gender-based violence.
It is not good to go outside interact with the women.
The initiatives include the film festivals and "Leonardo Opera Omnia" exhibit.
What is the business logic of importing beer?
Uganda's presidential term is five years.
The government of Uganda finances the Uganda Cranes football club.
They received two announcements on the radio.
The lockdown restrictions made transport difficult.
There is an increase in the production of foods rich in vitamins.
What will you eat for supper?
Death is a mystery, how true is this statement?
What is food poisoning?
Who is a teenager?
How do I maintain good health?
Cancer patients need better treatment.
They are still planning for the project.
People will have an improved transport network.
Many people have ignored the control measures of sexually transmitted diseases.
The market had about twenty-three million subscribers according to Uganda Communications Commission data
I want to learn some cultural dances.
Yellow fever weakens the body.
What are the benefits of breastfeeding?
Court will freeze his assets if he is found guilty.
The district has established new education infrastructures.
The government of Uganda is working on a new education policy.
Teachers punish students who do not speak English at school.
The director of that hospital was put on oxygen because he wasn't breathing properly.
Our subcounty has been developed.
They travelled a very long distance.
People have been encouraged to pass on the training and skills they possess.
It is not an easy task to the end.
She loves her job.
The court has confirmed their innocence.
Security agencies also provide security to people.
Our investigations are still ongoing.
You will need permission from your parents in order to go for the trip.
The volleyball stadium was filled with water when it rained.
Do you want to rape me?
My mother donated food to the orphanage yesterday.
Which kinds of people are considered vulnerable in society?
Why do you condemn the cheats but remain with them?
Arua has the largest number of refugee camps.
The examination will last for three hours.
Cargo Drivers fled to Uganda because of the political atmosphere in Kenya.
She has stopped breastfeeding.
I got a driving permit this year.
What is the population of Uganda?
She plans to attend today's meeting.
Lawyers act on behalf of the client while in courts of law.
My husband came back home thirsty and hungry.
The member of parliament made sure that people do not sell their land.
There is an age limit on people who should contest for leadership positions.
The murderers were working in groups.
The president appointed a new chief justice this year.
The member of parliament was granted a non-cash bail of fifty million.
I bought a spray to kill the weeds.
Some languages are well documented.
Everyone has a legal right to file a petition in court.
The government has built a modern market in our town.
He was using the government vehicle for personal jobs.
Only one passenger died when the bus collided with a truck.
He wants to improve on the people's way of life.
How do we prevent the spread of malaria?
He wanted the people to be part of the country's socio-economic transformation.
Anybody visiting the zoo is required to wear a mask.
He is fidgeting with his phone making those comedian calls.
Burundi also boasts some Russian Arms.
We would not want to be found wanting in terms of taking care of our security.
Most youths are introduced to drugs by their peers.
The court hearing for the murder case is next week.
Such a situation would not be allowed in the constituency.
My friend has very many enemies.
Only six million people were protected.
She brought her baby to church so that the pastor could pray for him.
The candidate needs to prepare sufficiently for their exams.
There was no robust institutional framework in the East African Community.
There were very many preachers in today's service.
The king addressed his kingdom.
He wrapped his little arms around his mother.
It is unfair to increase the tuition.
We have a crew reporting live in Kenya.
The riots began when the opposition leader was out of the town.
Several groups have come up to empower women by skilling them.
Since becoming president, Kagame has sought to break away from being Museveni's lieutenant.
That motorcycle rider was arrested for carrying two passengers.
He drove slowly behind the truck.
They were arrested for operating without a valid license.
He was arrested because of malicious property damage.
How many political parties are in Uganda?
My father is not in support of our relationship.
The government take long to pay doctors in public hospitals
Majority of Ugandans are ignorant about their constitutional rights.
The face mask should cover the mouth and the nose.
Italy accounts for twenty-five percent of the world's gamblers
She is greatly loved by her grandchildren.
Nurses are required to wear masks and gloves when attending to patients.
The stream had consistent waters which were even used for irrigation purposes.
The youth were encouraged to work hard in order to earn a living.
Sponsorship is one of the biggest sources of financing football clubs around the world.
Our protests about these malpractices have not been successful.
Local councilors are elected by the people.
What are the benefits of competition in business?
The mosquito nets were delivered at my doorstep.
Uganda was requested to postpone the meeting to a more convenient date.
He came second to his main challenger in the presidential race.
There is freedom of expression in Uganda.
Ugandan ambassadors should uphold the dignity of the country.
The religious organisations have equipped people with skills to curb the virus.
Malac criticized the injustices involved in the elections.
I am going to watch the waves on the lake.
I placed the framed pictures in a box.
What brings you happiness?
Because of poverty, parents are no longer providing the best for their children.
The judges were impressed with the interior comprised of the real quality act.
People have died due to lack of ambulances in rural areas.
At the age of thirty, he had acquired a lot of wealth.
No movements are allowed during the curfew time.
All December concerts were banned.
There are different categories of journalists.
He is a prominent businessman.
My network is unstable.
The receptionist welcomed us in a very respectable manner.
The application is easy to use once downloaded from Google Play Store.
They failed to put out the fire on their own.
The permanent secretary will be live on television tonight.
Medical supplies such as masks, gloves and others should be available in the hospitals.
Workers need to change their way of working.
People in that district have a problem with water accessibility.
He has been given some treatment.
The match was canceled due to bad weather.
The district budget for this year will be read next week.
Health workers have done a very good job
All the mourners were asking how the deceased died.
Pigs play in muddy paddles.
The residents live in continuous fear of criminals.
Cells are small, toilets don’t work, and they sleep on the ground.
Is journalism a good career?
Most teams in Uganda are renting football stadiums.
Nearly five thousand people have died in a measles outbreak.
Is it illegal to start a business without a certificate?
The contract had provisions to cover the defects liability period.
They signed the agreement.
What football club do you support?
In the race, everyone was supposed to run within their lane.
I have signed up three hundred ninety-one people in my village.
Fans are not allowed in the stadium because of the pandemic.
Some government officials have been arrested for stealing public funds.
You spent a lot of time explaining yourself to the teacher.
Some tree leaves are used as medicine.
Girls were educated about mental health.
Two leaders will supervise the construction project.
Journalists were given skills on how to capture news during political rallies.
Many people lack food due to the lockdown.
How many Catholic dioceses are in Uganda?
The northern part of Uganda has a strong culture in cattle rearing.
Termination should only be done if employer business is facing a shutdown.
There are several kidnaps happening in the district now.
The facility distributes electricity to schools and hospitals in the area.
The district aims at improving the standards of living of the people.
Stakeholders are engaged in different sectors of their interest.
People contributed towards the annual celebration.
They realized that the ambulances were donated by an individual.
Parents were advised to feed their children well so that they stay healthy.
There were two children per desk in the classroom.
Attending religious services and ceremonies is an effective way of rallying political support
What would you say about your friend?
Nobody knows exactly when schools shall reopen for in-person classes.
She is talented at playing netball.
During the lockdown, most of the economic activities were at a standstill.
The baby is crying.
The house is smelling paraffin.
Heartbreaks cause stress and depression.
What is the role of local environmental committees?
People should not be worried.
He joined another television station as a news anchor.
What causes tribal wars?
The teachers asked the school administration for laptops.
You need to make a decision today.
The current situation and state of the police were broadcasted on national television.
There has been an advancement in technology.
The incumbent has served as the president of Rwanda for the last twenty years.
Lake Albert is the seventh largest lake in Africa.
Foreigners are welcomed in Uganda.
That basketball team has young players.
The players won their first big league.
Some candidates have not been competed against in the general elections.
Organizations are educating girls on the dangers of early pregnancies.
My wife needs to work hard and establish other sources of income
All people entering Uganda have to be quarantined.
The film industry is picking up in Uganda.
They promote women empowerment.
How big is your foot?
Students should uphold integrity, faith, excellence, diversity and creativity.
Women are encouraged to reserve their dignity.
Is there anything to eat?
Over twenty people were killed by attackers.
People are now able to use various means of transport.
The leaders decided to join forces to fight the deadly virus.
Students usually pursue engineering courses.
A general meeting has been scheduled to deal with regional issues.
I wonder how much my parents have spent on my education till university.
What are your achievements?
Children learn faster with illustrations.
He is applying for a government scholarship.
Industry experts say the continued fight at the company was not good for business
The countries' borders are well guarded by the army.
When did you lose your sight?
They demonstrated in protest to the new policy passed.
He says this makes it ineffective.
Youths are motivated to pursue their dreams.
These politicians insisted that they would contest in the general elections.
Eight hundred thousand houses have been sprayed in eight districts.
There is an increase in poverty due to the Coronavirus pandemic.
What do we find in the first aid kit?
The government is in discussions with an external company to complete road construction.
My father has paid all my school fees.
My brother stays with me because he got evicted from his house.
The cricket team from Uganda lost their World Cup qualifier against Namibia.
How does police identify suspects from the community?
Commercial agriculture is a source of income.
Some employees were laid off from their jobs because of the pandemic.
The disabled started their own businesses.
She works with the ministry of health.
In our village, early pregnancies escalated during the pandemic lockdown.
What requirements are needed for a land survey?
The government should try to maintain the amount of food supply towards refugees.
The police are investigating the cause of the matter.
The criminal took himself to the police because of his guilty conscience.
He was presented in front of the judge this afternoon.
The prison facility will host a large number of inmates serving long sentences.
Journalists do a tremendous job.
Uganda had one silver medalist in the Tokyo Olympics this year.
Investments help us generate revenue.
Have you missed me?
The officer that was shot is now in good condition.
He covered the incident at the scene.
It is a pleasure doing business with you.
The opponent's football team has fifteen players.
I am going to study in Italy.
The symptoms of yellow fever include vomiting, headache and fatigue.
Qualifying candidates should get above seventy percent in the exams.
When will the vaccine for coronavirus come out?
It is wise to listen before responding.
Four students in our class have tested positive for coronavirus.
He was a vice-chairperson from two thousand four until he died.
They are not supposed to give away the tools.
Some farmers don't have enough money to rent more land.
His uncle is a minister.
People can not use a bus to reach the diocese due to the bad roads.
Institutions have been used as quarantine centres.
Be mindful of the decisions you make.
Our family holds prayers in honor of our deceased mother every year.
What are some of the challenges being faced by children during this pandemic?
It is good to give in the house of the Lord, the Bishop said.
Many people cannot maintain the practice.
You do not have to have much, to give.
My sister wanted to tell me something in private.
My father became famous when he opened up an orphanage in the village.
Her father doesn’t care about the life she is living.
I was surprised to find him at your home.
What has hindered development in some parts of the country?
The whole country is mourning the loss of one of the greatest musicians.
His father bought him a History textbook.
Manufacturers of sanitisers will receive tax waivers.
The football club has signed new players for this season.
The health study also focused on productivity losses based on observed practice.
She is making a lot of money from her poultry business.
The president has ordered that there should be only two people in each car.
The Rugby Cranes are one of the best teams in the tournament.
Who was the last in your class?
A large number of people died as a result of police actions.
There have been several arrests this month.
The football federation registers new teams every season.
He was the member of parliament for that district.
My father always returns home when he is very tired.
Government should prioritize the health sector, especially during this pandemic season.
Media is a communication outlet used to store and deliver information.
Former politicians lose property to money lenders and banks for failure to pay loans.
All commercial banks are regulated by the Bank of Uganda.
Moeti explained that the African governments will achieve broader goals in the health system.
Some animals only feed on grass.
We need solutions not more complaints.
It is challenging to grow up as an orphan sometimes.
The police case was closed.
What a declaration used for?
He updated his friends about the current situation.
The pico power project turned residents against each other.
Most of the local defence unit recruits are youths.
There is an Ebola outbreak in Eastern Uganda.
Most of the criminals are tried in courts of law.
She didn't support any political party.
What is the retirement age for civil servants in Uganda?
We have a surveillance system in place.
They qualified to play at next year's netball World Cup.
The government intends to provide cash relief in the second lockdown.
Today, Democratic Federal Communications Commission nominees go through the confirmation process.
There is massive deforestation in the area.
The company finally recognized his hard work.
To avoid going to court one needs to avoid committing crimes.
Some commentators said Kagame was partly targeting Victoire Ingabire.
The money is in my bank account.
A new meeting should be rescheduled.
My son is very confident.
You should work, stop complaining.
She is the best teacher I have known since childhood.
She achieved her dream of becoming an accountant.
The district officials should enhance development within their areas.
The member of parliament disagrees with the decisions made for his country.
My first instinct in management is to have people do a job.
No freebies to the surrounding communities this similar in Uganda.
It is a closed chapter because we have no answers.
We are voting for the new village chairperson this morning.
You are very likely to struggle because of the high input cost of infrastructure
When natural habitats are destroyed, the environment is degraded.
When wheels are misaligned, it causes the tyres to wear out quickly.
The woman was hit with a baton during a protest over fees at the University of Nairobi.
Onduparaka looks forward to winning the game.
Twebaze Bemanya saw his contract expire on November twenty-second
I live in the northern part of Rubaga division.
The parish council held a meeting to discuss the land dispute.
He is fond of wearing buggy outfits.
Rwanda has made most of its military orders from Russia, Israel, Turkey, and China.
The ability to change the channel remained freely available.
The cost of medication cause people to fear going to the hospital when they are ill.
What is your friend up to?
Health workers must attend to patients with proper protective gears.
How can mere civilians steal guns from the Uganda People's Defence Force?
The pandemic has greatly affected this years' district service delivery.
The president encouraged us to wear masks to protect ourselves against the virus.
He was working while studying at the same time.
The radio station has given us a platform to sell our vegetables.
Is it ok if I borrow your shoes?
His murder case is too big to be handled by our village court.
They shall be departing from home in the evening.
She was rewarded as the best netballer.
You have to share your wealth with people to succeed politically
Water and electricity supply should be extended to rural areas.
Good performers should be awarded as a way of motivating them.
They have changed their positions and status.
Most lawyers usually end up joining politics.
Culture has affected gender inequality in Africa.
It was an honor to host the bishop at our home.
Very few people will benefit from the upcoming land bill.
He drinks alcohol every evening.
Every Ugandan who earns a monthly salary is required to pay tax to the government.
He has been in jail for three weeks.
The opposition leaders denied the allegations of enticing the youth into violence.
Companies through social corporate responsibility give back to the community.
Everything rises and falls on the numbers with politics.
He grabbed the pen from me while I was writing.
The security agents were told by the friend.
He concentrates better in a quiet environment.
The supporters said the Electoral Commission had made up the election results.
She was responding to the parliamentary questions.
The report was written in English.
The mice ate some of our clothes.
He lost the elections last year.
Lake Victoria cuts across three East African countries.
What are the causes of unending wars in Africa?
When people get married, they form a family.
The dew left water droplets on the leaves and flowers.
The deceased left a widow and twelve children.
The media plays a great role in the community we live in.
In what units is electricity measured?
They had gatherings despite being warned about coronavirus.
Some tree species are used to make electric poles.
The drunkard man does not care about his children.
Mothers have poor feeding habits after delivering.
Local markets don't discriminate between the rich and the poor.
World War One led to the loss of so many innocent lives.
The ruling party won the elections for the third time.
I still listen to my brother's music even though he passed on.
Everyone wondered where he got the idea of designing clothes from barkcloth.
The hospital runs effectively despite the number of staff available.
The pact was signed by the two nations.
My sister was raped by the rebels.
There are few laboratory technicians in this nation.
The police can arrest you at any time.
The deceased has left behind many widows and helpless children.
We are ready to set off.
Most hospitals are dilapidated.
The hospital has limited its accessibility to only specific people.
He was one of the country's prime ministers.
People should resort to bodabodas as the alternative system of transport
The city council authorities fear for their lives as their job has become dangerous.
Various projects are under implementation.
You can hold a conversation via the telephone.
Did you put anything in this box?
The group will involve politicians in the course to achieve tax reforms.
Some farmers are dissatisfied with the quality of seeds distributed by the government.
Military expenditure in Africa was still higher in two thousand eighteen than in two thousand nine.
It strongly argued that the Lagardre contract was not violating Egypt's laws.
He pledged five million Ugandan shillings to support the family of the deceased.
Everyone is advised to stay alert and calm in case they showcase coronavirus symptoms.
Every person should wear a face mask while in a public place.
The budget was not clear enough for us.
Students in candidate classes go for a vacation after sitting for their national examinations.
The company is only recruiting youth below the age of thirty.
There is drug abuse among school-going children.
The health facilities are open twenty four hours.
An insider's view on how National Resistance Movement lost the broad base.
Child neglect cases have increased during the lockdown.
Many people turned up for voting this year compared to the previous years.
Teachers are not focused towards equipping learners with knowledge.
The decision made was to transfer our headteacher to another school.
The president's swearing-in ceremony will be held on Friday.
Some qualified health workers in Uganda do not have jobs.
People need four dollars to acquire treatment in a private not for profit facility.
We need to put idle resources to active usage.
After taking a while without reporting, the officer was disarmed.
The parliament should reform the tax policy so that more people engage in business.
He warned the locals that drinking unboiled water would infect them with typhoid.
The Baganda insisted on attending the event during the lockdown period.
Is their need to make more laws?
The swamp will be fenced to conserve nature.
Coronavirus has killed a number of people all over the world.
The government constructed ten football stadiums in different parts of the country.
How can we fight against cancer?
It is good to maintain healthy populations of wildlife.
He was such an inspiration to most of the youths.
After harvesting coffee, it is put in the sun to dry.
Reports are very informative.
Some programs require huge amounts of resources.
There are a lot of business activities in the border districts.
He invested additional capital of one million Ugandan shillings in his business.
My retail shop failed because I was short of capital.
The awarding ceremony was very organized.
My father slashed the compound to get rid of the mosquitoes that were biting us.
Attach copies of your academic documents to the application.
Tobacco smoke weakens our lungs.
Employees should be paid the same regardless of where they come from.
The prime minister said the government is doing all in its power to stop human trafficking.
The inflation will exceed fifty percent this year.
Workers' unions can acquire finances for their members.
The coach knows how to get results from his team.
He is not happy with the former leader's actions.
The prime minister offered Ugandans a coronavirus relief fund.
Some lawyers are too corrupt in their work.
The nature of my job requires me to work daily.
Kenyans are wealthier than us yet they do not have good tiles.
I am very happy that our brands have exited the market.
He enjoys eating hot food.
Security officials strongly guard the president of Uganda.
The group organized a demonstration against the recent brutal killings of black people.
The debate about the country’s leadership has been conducted earlier.
He seemed to be upset during his singing performance.
Cultural activities should be respected.
Who is your new friend?
We can now access a lot of information via the internet.
Rain causes some roads to flood with water.
How many people recovered from coronavirus in Uganda?
Our new boss wants us to work in teams of three.
People in Uganda love football.
God loves us so much.
What has perhaps been overlooked?
There have been many robberies in this area.
God created man on the sixth day.
Restrictions on travel hindered tourists from visiting new places.
The roots of the trees hold the soil particles together to prevent soil erosion.
Schools should often renovate dormitories to improve student accommodation facilities
Thank you very much, sir.
The football team was fined two million Ugandan shillings because of indiscipline.
The prince married a virgin girl.
They had a discussion behind closed doors.
The lending rate has been reduced.
She didn't warn her friend about the dangers of abortion.
People should understand the importance of land in rural transformation.
The office should protect the people against crime.
Everyone desires to live in good conditions.
Do we need a selfish leader?
The confederation hired a high-ranking official.
How many people are expected to attend the party?
Today's English news anchor was very fluent and clear.
The other is Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
She has been sitting there since morning.
The coach substituted him because he was injured.
What is gender justice?
Some television programs are not suitable for children.
Some areas fail to develop due to corrupt and bad leaders.
How can we promote quality education?
He broke many high jump records in the Olympics.
Brokers charge more than the actual price so that they can make some profit.
Security cameras on the road have assisted police in investigations.
The obedient must be slaves.
There are no trees in that area.
Vanilla is in high demand.
Can debt cancellation revive the economy?
Only the best three in the race were awarded medals.
Who is setting the primary two exams?
Christian donors usually donate to support the church.
She sang about gender-based violence in her new song.
There should be contingency measures to stop this natural hazard.
My father has been appointed by the president as a member of the court.
Eight new coronavirus cases have been confirmed by the Ministry of Health.
Madi is one of the newly created cities.
We missed the game.
I will make the report at the end of this week.
The group of rioters claimed to be sent by the opposition leaders.
Vendors are to be relocated to a new place.
The ministry of works carried out surveys before commencing road construction.
This sum of money had been stolen from the national cash box.
The government has provided income for the reconstruction of roads in the area.
An employee can not rejoice upon termination.
Investment club group members should always work together.
The bank objected to the assessment under the Income-tax Act.
Data collection is always a very tedious activity.
I would like to be married in church.
A surface with algae is usually slippery.
Mobile Telephone companies have increased tax on the internet.
There is a swarm of bees near that house.
Livestock can be a source of income.
Her daughter is four years old.
South Sudan failed to form a transitional government of national unity.
Several parts of northern Uganda are usually dry.
The government has appointed a committee to observe the situation in that area.
The construction companies will recruit people from Moyo and Obongi districts.
A student from the institution won the race.
You look like you did not sleep at all.
Ugandans should always have a balanced diet.
Gulu university held its graduation ceremony today.
Who is in charge of appointing Archbishops?
The police spokesperson urged the public to respect the presidential directives.
What is there tomorrow evening?
I will answer all the questions that you want to ask.
The ministry should ensure a ready market for agricultural produce.
Don't spray pesticides near the children's playground.
Radio Uganda's world-class facility will become the cornerstone of digitization in the country.
The district explained why health workers need to be supported.
The hospital will give free health services to retired soldiers.
He was arrested under allegations of fund mismanagement.
It needs a stand by vehicles for transporting blood whenever it's required.
Local council members found guilty of corruption should serve jail time
Uganda Airlines resumed its operations.
Some people are complaining about the high tax rates imposed on their businesses.
How many football teams participated in the champion league?
He came to the wedding with his wife and children.
Hospital top management should do more to fight corruption in hospitals.
Where did you put the keys?
I used to actively participate in sports activities while in school.
They did a lot of work around the area.
The building collapsed and killed his parents.
Oil prices are stabilizing.
Several farmers will be affected by the drop in maize prices.
The office has been closed for three days.
I want to learn how to play football.
The entire village welcomed the Olympics gold medalist in a special way.
This situation should not be allowed to happen.
Decoration should be highly budgeted for.
Uganda has about one hundred and fifty semi-autonomous government agencies
There are two different companies with the same business name which confuses clients.
Beijing is the capital city of China.
Schools need to have playgrounds for students to play.
He is not behaving in a normal way.
My grandfather is a very old man.
Fifty per cent of seeds sold on the Ugandan market are counterfeit.
He lost his parliamentary seat.
Fake seeds affect farm productivity.
Human activities have discouraged the movement of water through these wetlands.
Parents have a negative attitude towards education.
The answer to ending police brutality therefore largely lies with the police themselves.
When it comes to us, our history, we do not take security challenges lightly.
The concert was a huge success.
They requested the government to renovate the market.
The affected town during the riot hosts the biggest number of refugees.
A president must win over powerful pillars of opinion in religious groups to keep in power
The forces have finished preparing for the event.
The government collects revenue from the public through taxes.
He encouraged the students not to drop out of school.
Our football team participated in the African cup last year.
The leader portrayed a different picture to the public.
The deceased had been battling malaria for three weeks.
These people should report to the headmaster for a meeting.
The president took power over Uganda in nineteen eighty-six.
The stigma of rape makes it hard to overcome.
The president and prime minister will be attending the function tomorrow.
The patients will stay in their homes.
What type of music do you listen to?
Power was on and off yesterday.
Conclusion of the first day of the Measles-Rubella and Polio immunization campaign.
You need to recruit new employees.
He believed that his presidential candidate had won the election.
The church's failure to pay resulted in condemning the Christians.
She was able to help with the siblings' education.
People are required to pay a reasonable amount of money which they cannot afford.
Is it possible to completely end land wrangles in Uganda?
The officer was accused of the negligence of his duties.
Her heart rate went up when the doctor walked into the room
Lung diseases need to be detected early.
The incident is explained further.
She drowned in the pool.
Polythene bags were banned because they are a threat to the environment.
There is bribery in the city council.
He sent in his apologies for not attending the meeting.
What are some of the new taxes imposed this financial year?
I was told to write down the names of my brothers and sisters.
Is it normal for businessmen to get loans from the bank?
Killing others is very intolerable.
Non-participation will stifle the voice of dispute in the electoral process.
I am one of the company representatives.
Emmanuel Kato is the vice-chairman coordinator of the Uganda national allied workers union.
A group consists of three and more members.
No help is given to their family when they die.
The facility established will mostly work on surgical operations.
There was no salt in the food.
Vice president Edward Kiwanuka Sekandi attended the tenth graduation ceremony of Saint Lawrence University.
The district sports team reached the finals last year.
The passengers said the driver seemed to be drunk.
The doctor commended the hospital workers for performing well.
The process has to be approved by the parliament.
The government has been asked to create a conducive environment for farmers.
Teachers should make investments elsewhere for an extra source of income.
That district has fifteen sub-counties.
Some learners do not have learning aids to support them through the lockdown.
The fans learned that the games were blacked out on radio stations.
That old man has been selling newspapers for a very long time.
Some politicians have vowed not to follow the electoral commission guidelines.
The group which raped the young girl to death has been arrested.
The victim was transferred to a nearby hospital.
What do you spend your money on?
Parents should protect their children.
Owners of the recovered vehicles are pleased with police efforts.
It is very hard to meet with the president of the country.
Everyone contributed according to their capacity.
Our national boxing team performed well in last year's international games.
We do not keep things that are not ours.
I am sorry I was unable to attend your party.
Graduates can suitably compete in the job market.
The animals were buried.
It is tragic to lose lives to water accidents when they could be avoided.
The company agreed to compensate the people.
Men divorced her because she is disabled.
He promised to ensure the safety of the citizens.
We had two people in the classroom with the same name.
Today was my first time meeting him.
Majority of the banks offer loans.
The coronavirus health workers in the Eastern region are limited by several challenges, including lack of ambulance.
Thandaza Mtshali and her aunt Ntombenhle Mhlongo were filmed carrying the body of a relative.
We learned through the hardships of life.
The wall has cracks.
Supervisors are being trained for the Measles-Rubella campaign
The games will start next week.
The winning team scored only one goal.
This kind of disease will be eradicated soon.
The seminar for fighting fake news has been arranged.
They will also pray against corruption.
The health systems will avoid epidemics, detect threats and respond rapidly to outbreaks.
Muslims explained why a diocese could not have two leaders at the same time.
Why did you throw away the leftovers?
A widened customer base leads to business growth.
That boy spoilt my art piece.
The border conflicts negatively affect members in the region.
How can countries prepare themselves for future pandemics?
The leaders should work together to fight corruption.
The hotel has been sold.
He always leaves his bedroom locked.
Elections usually involve violent acts.
The women leaders in the district already fulfilled their pledges.
Some people are killed as they try to smuggle goods into Uganda.
Some people are being mistreated and oppressed in this country.
Why should credit be given to this customer?
What do you do on the festive season?
They migrated with their cattle.
He confiscated his brother's piece of land.
Let us work together to defeat this challenge with collective efforts.
People lack income to finance their business projects.
The ministry of education authorises the national curriculum for schools in Uganda.
It culminated in his declaration to stand for the presidency.
One of the symptoms of maize leaf rust and maize blight is yellowing leaves.
Uganda football players are admired by international club players.
The paint coat is peeling off.
What are some of the football clubs in Uganda?
It was so late for us to go to the church.
Various organizations have funded the construction of roads in that region.
The bank challenged the tax body’s assessment of agricultural loans.
Very few criminals can boldly accept their offenses.
You must have a passport in order to travel outside the country.
Why should I support the government?
The good road network makes the delivery of support to refugees easier
She was waiting for them at the airport.
The whole village knows that her husband is a drunkard.
This guide provides readers with the information to negotiate with skill and ease.
Do not trust liars.
Some girls have basic knowledge about contraceptives.
People no longer go to the district offices to approve their construction plans
I am learning to ride a bicycle.
Drinking alcohol is dangerous for your health.
What reasons do youths give for dropping out of school?
He donated boxes of soap to the orphanage home.
We want to graduate two thousand people instead of the three hundred.
The secretary will share the highlights of the meeting.
I want to go and watch a movie.
If I had been involved in his shooting, he would be dead.
He won an award for the best male artist of the year.
Officers will retrieve the illegal guns.
The celebration started with a school match around the town.
The king usually has several names.
They also argued that the lower court is incorrect in law and fact.
She supplies chicken to three restaurants in the area.
I was at Ntale one year before independence
Some African countries did not send representatives to the Tokyo Olympics.
People go to bars and cinema halls for leisure.
He sold his field to one of the rich men in the area.
He died in the year two thousand thirteen.
Materials from barkcloth are very expensive.
The army attacked our village and burnt our farms.
They lost the match yesterday.
Different initiatives have been made to promote agriculture.
Companies in Western Uganda want to work with good suppliers.
He will be greatly missed.
The nurse is worried about the situation of the patients.
Farmers harvested little food because most of their crops dried up in the drought.
My mother enjoys the frequent visits of her grandchildren.
The cattle were returned to the farm after grazing.
They will employ the youth in that area.
What is the role of the military?
Losing an election should be expected of a prudent candidate.
They now fight to protect people.
Projects were executed because of the keen interest of the municipal leadership.
The players celebrated having won the football match.
You have to pay my money in three months.
The organization has details of all registered businesses in the country.
Who is the owner of the land where the church was demolished?
We suspect that her husband killed her.
The eighteen league teams needed on average one hundred million shillings apiece.
Breastfeeding is good for both the baby and its mother.
Doctor Rebecca Martin is the director of the center for global health.
Children suffer from immunizable diseases up to today.
There are high levels of industrialization in East Africa.
Most football teams did not make it to the next round.
The umbrella does not belong to him.
The president's speech was broadcasted on all radio stations yesterday.
The prime minister visited the people affected by the floods.
There should be interaction among employees in a business.
The cost of power will not change.
The residents captured the thief.
Contract terms will guide employers on how to deal with employees.
How can we peacefully coexist with others?
Is goat milk good for human consumption?
They must protect the locals from criminals.
We can choose among print publications as well as broadcast for different editorial positions.
Agriculture is a source of employment for the people.
She is a talented fashion designer.
Learners are urged to remain in school to have a bright future.
A gang of teenage boys destroyed his farm late in the night.
Uganda has closed its borders to stop the spread of Ebola.
That country has set tough conditions for us to achieve before we can receive a donation from them.
Hima Cement's production capacity is at one million eight hundred thousand tons per annum.
The government wanted to cancel the organization's trading license.
I am wearing a jacket because it might rain later in the day.
Her father was a former Idi Amin officer.
His father owns apartments in the city.
She accidentally swallowed a fish bone while she was eating.
The government should listen to business owners to help reduce poverty levels.
Some youths are manipulated because they are naive.
The International dance event will be broadcasted live on television in September.
More coronavirus patients have recovered from the disease.
Most people lose out on job opportunities because they did not attend school.
We are in the process of selling our house.
How do you train students?
The government should tighten its grip on corruption in districts
The public should be aware of another Ebola outbreak.
The Christian was expelled from the church for demanding rent arrears.
The tournament is to host over sixty golf clubs.
The district health department should use the ambulance to enhance health services in the area.
Organizations work jointly with the government in distributing clean water to all places.
He is currently living in a hotel.
The birthday party was held at her hostel.
Many people have benefitted from the National Resistance government.
Uganda was colonized by the British for sixty-eight years before she got her independence.
The police have managed to arrest the leader of the rebel group.
The president criticized our district chairperson for slapping one of the other district officials.
She has gone to gather some firewood from the forest.
Referral hospitals manage patients wellbeing.
The construction of the market is still ongoing.
Some people lost their lives in the building that collapsed.
Her brother sympathized with her.
Different people have come up to fight against racism.
The nail in the wall pierced him.
Immunization coverage in the European World Health region was ninety-four percent.
He makes fun of his friend.
Who is your former employee?
The kidnappers told the parents not to call the police.
He owns the biggest farm in the area.
There are going to be some changes in this organization.
That priest has appealed to the government to repair the roads in our village.
What criteria was followed by the electoral commission while nominating political candidates?
They reported the case to the police.
You should maintain good personal hygiene.
I am the one who sang that song.
The district will secure land for the construction of the museum.
The royal family is involved in some land wrangles.
Could be politicians are behind the increasing number of human sacrifices.
The president has issued new health directives to the nation.
There are many organizations which haven't received the money.
We should patiently wait for the relief food.
Parents shall pick their children's reports from school today.
They tried calling him on the phone, but he did not answer.
The refugees were excited.
He has resisted police criminal summons several times.
We share our office with two other companies.
There should be strict rules against the illegal mining of oil.
We have family pictures in the living room.
Besigye initially sought to correct what he saw as going wrong.
The government donates animals and rice to Moslems across the country.
The government paid money to compensate the victims.
The village elders can solve misunderstandings.
Some diseases are hereditary.
The Ugandan parliament created new districts.
They should encourage farmers to start selling their crops.
Thousands of people died of hunger in that country.
Conservationists and citizens are against the establishment of the hydropower project.
Every government school should have a laboratory.
The students are supposed to be at school during examination hours.
Police officers kidnapped him.
She wants her people to have a better way of life.
No one is above the law.
Some banks have implemented fingerprint scanning systems for their clients.
I cooked dinner for the first time after school.
She has always supported the needy people in her community.
He died of a heart attack this morning.
There have been two hundred thirty-three thousand three hundred thirty-seven measles cases.
She was very happy and excited about everything that was going on.
Most of the youth in this area are working in the oil mines.
Names are used for identity.
The opposition parties have been calling for a change in the procedure of appointing their leaders
The citizens do not want to pay more taxes.
She had bruises on her face.
The health minister demanded a health report.
The mountain will never erupt again.
That is a blessing.
He spoke about personal hygiene.
The council of ministers will deliberate on this fraught diplomatic relationship.
Improvement of people's lives should be a priority for this new program.
Male candidates performed better than female candidates in mock examinations.
I asked the President what he thought of the candidate.
There is usually heavy traffic in the morning and evening.
The couple postponed their wedding meeting to twenty first July.
The suspects denied everything.
They walk for long distances to go to school.
The government usually undertakes piecemeal attempts to fight corruption.
Fathers are the heads of a family.
The previous lockdown lasted for forty two days.
Coronavirus test kits are being questioned by the public.
There was a lot of vanilla in the market last season.
Parents are encouraged to interact with their children for bonding.
They were captured on the security camera breaking into the house.
The incomplete building collapsed and killed a number of people.
They didn't have to collect our signatures.
Schools need education structures.
All members of parliament are going to receive cars.
His estate is very big.
He successfully managed his business.
Do we need traffic officers on the road?
The ministry of health can not fight this virus without help from the public.
Women should be respected and given equal opportunities like men.
The primary seven girl who was found pregnant has been expelled from school.
Man has to eat food to survive.
It is the role of the secretary to record minutes of the meeting.
Thugs sell motorcycles to spare parts shops.
He requested the audience to continue on the right path.
People in business and the church should join hands and start developmental projects
What is required in an investigation?
We should make one line.
The young girl wanted to follow her sisters to the market.
Construction of the state of the art stadiums will help boost sports activities
Then comes the time when the audience is called to participate in on-the-spot skits using diverse techniques.
The club impressed it's fans when it won the match.
Everyone needs to understand their hair journey.
Parents give their children hugs as soon as they come home.
The government official encouraged Ugandans to import and buy new cars.
He was accused of murdering his brother because of land.
The choir leader for the function was a female.
The Bishop requested the congregation to support various outreaches.
Some foodstuffs are contaminated during transportation.
It is a good practice to help family members.
The acquired skills have helped in improving people's standard of living.
The people of Arua wanted to remember the history of the former president.
She found favor before her boss.
Most of the houses were destroyed in the floods last week.
The investigation report was very useful to the officer.
The court ruled that interest on loans to persons who export coffee is not exempted from Income Tax.
He arrived at the airport this morning.
The district should know all its residents.
The training will help police officers get more communication skills.
She is on maternity leave up to next year.
Everyone should jubilate because this football team belongs to this community.
A king in Buganda is special.
How can we promote international trade?
My sisters always helped me with my assignment.
What is a modern city like?
The district chairman has organised a leadership workshop at the headquarters.
The goalkeeper must be attentive during the match.
The history was obtained from the records and archives of the national television.
Growth on a like-for-like comparison was four point eight percent.
Witness fails to testify in treason case after diarrhoea attack.
My sister converted to Islam after marriage.
We were encouraged to spread the word of God.
The services are not good enough.
The police are fighting with the Muslims.
Drinking of dirty water causes many diseases to people in the community.
Trees have a life expectancy of around sixty years.
My mother has woken up.
Children like to play hide and seek.
Is there soap in the bathroom?
The year has generally been tenuous for the East African Community.
Why should I trust you?
My brother is an auditor.
I found these kids playing from the road.
A budget should be established to cater for the refugees.
What is the purpose of the supplementary budget?
She won a gold medal during last year's sports competition.
But Rwanda is equally receptive to the Chinese.
He scored the best goal in the Uganda premier league.
What is a project timeline?
Health workers need regular health-related trainings.
Some leaders in this country do not acceptably conduct themselves.
Regula medical testing is health security.
Parents sacrifice a lot to keep their children in school.
The donors will have to provide more than just the refugees' basic needs.
The defense officers have completed their studies in Refugee Law and Human Rights.
Christians should embrace the gospel, for it will change their lives.
Drivers drive cars, buses, lorries and trucks.
The elections for city mayors will be held next week.
There is still an increase in corruption in the government
Despite being diagnosed with cancer, she remained resilient and fought until the very end.
For the rest of the public, the name may sound unfamiliar.
The students were punished for making noise in class.
They appointed new ministers this year.
The little boys have played a lot today.
The children ran outside the house to welcome their father.
We shall be announcing the winner at midnight.
People should service their cars regularly.
There are three candidates contesting for the presidential seat.
Wearing open shoes during the weekdays is against the school rules.
They have not been paid like other regular soldiers despite the services rendered.
What can you say about illegal businesses?
Stolen equipment is usually resold on the black market.
Five acres of maize were destroyed by the hail storms.
The truck drivers are the major source of coronavirus in the country.
Wake me up after thirty minutes.
An estimate of the compensation costs was included in the project budget.
The president commended civil servants for their hard work.
Barkcloth is mainly used during cultural gatherings.
Domestic violence ended after reporting her husband to local authorities.
Some district officials tested positive to the coronavirus pandemic.
Twelve billion in the previous year, citing a shrinking market in Kenya.
Who was Uganda's first president?
It is a religious norm for Muslims to share meat on Eid.
However, we could not even persuade anybody that there was a huge problem.
I found them hugging each other.
Students learn faster in practical lessons.
People cannot access loans from banks.
The project plan was shared with me.
That school is one of the best missionary founded schools in Uganda.
Every farmer should rear animals in addition to growing crops.
Kigali accuses Bujumbura of sheltering camps of Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda rebels.
During every election cycle, many churches preach politics.
They were encouraged to make timely repayments.
People are living in grass-thatched houses with electric power.
The rescue team is on its way.
Ahmad was against the deal.
Several schools have tried to adopt the online form of learning.
Parents bought all craft items made by students in last year's graduation.
Her mother started a poultry farm last year.
In the year through September, of which just thirty-six dollars came from China.
The young students were motivated to join the school.
Is it easy to cross from one country to another?
People are not pleased with the lockdown.
Adjumani has better and skilled health care practitioners.
Local governments should work together to improve service provision in their areas.
Be updated with the latest news.
Write an apology letter to the manager.
We are expecting a better performance in this year's sports competition.
The Founders realized it was essential for their experiment in democracy to function.
Nothing has changed apart from the venue.
The company was training its workers on how to put out a fire.
Many parents rural areas force young girls into marriage.
Why did you say that to her?
Unity leads to development.
He is an educated and a family man.
She plays football with her brothers.
There is nothing wrong with it.
The problem is health workers are exposed.
Our neighbors are Muslims.
He decided to stay quiet during the announcement of the election results.
Politicians are allowed to hold political campaigns.
They use a new vehicle for kidnapping.
My mother is calling you.
They blocked committee duties because of monetary issues.
Besigye appears to have failed to "turn discontent into votes".
The culprits included his wife and his sister.
She packed all the clothes in her boutique yesterday.
She has coached the netball team for several years.
The thieves' faces could not be recognized because they were wearing face masks.
People were not informed about the vaccination campaign.
He hasn't produced a report for his final year project.
The police officers are still investigating the case.
The accused was sent to court.
He has never changed his behavior of talking while eating.
People requested for food relief from the government.
What could be the hindrances to the future development of youths?
some media platforms and some opposition leaders have criticized Makerere University Kampala
What is the capital city of Nigeria?
A larger part of the country lack clean water sources.
He plays for the national cricket team.
Who does not want to be successful in life?
The district should spend money on quarantine centres.
It is hard to build honest opposition politics.
His family members urged him to stop smoking.
Most of the staff quit their jobs because of delayed payments.
Our district received about three hundred refugees last year.
Very many people in Uganda succumbed to coronavirus this year in June.
There is a need for more funding in agriculture
He scored the winning goal in the game.
There are valuable species of trees in that forest.
People find it hard to let go of their past.
Be faithful in all you do.
Everyone can stand for a political office as long as they have the requirements.
He is one of the richest men in the city.
The organized group captured power yesterday.
There is no evidence to pin the defendant.
Refugees should be allowed to come into the country.
The doctors could not believe that he was healed.
The murdered women were very innocent.
The armed robbers worked at night.
She has more details on the story.
How do I verify my account?
This hotel is always closed every first day of the week.
There is a call to involve more women in farming.
Who is the Archbishop of the Church of Uganda?
The Olympic Games unite people of all nations.
They managed to stop the protests.
Cabinet ministers preside over the departments of government.
What is the best way to fight against diseases in the community?
We will set off for Masaka tomorrow morning.
She broke her mother's cup while she was washing utensils.
She woke her husband up at five o'clock in the morning because she was in labor.
In almost every examination, there those that pass and those that fail.
The district officer noted an increase in the number of coronavirus cases in the region.
He said that he was not here to play any games.
Some entertainment centres have been closed down for allowing young girls in.
Some children with disabilities are rejected and abandoned by their relatives.
Justice delayed is justice denied.
If the law is passed, it will still be challenged in court.
There was an increase in the number of domestic violence cases reported during the lockdown.
Uganda is made up of several religions.
Some Non-Government Organizations provide care for children with disabilities.
We should help the needy.
In the past, women were not allowed to go to school.
The incident happened before dusk.
Refugees should feel at home.
Elections enable people to select the leaders they love.
The fire started from the kitchen.
We are in the last week of campaigns for presidential elections.
He lives with his wife and their three children.
He is a successful businessman.
The district has bought three new ambulances.
The district lacks a public relations department.
The call has gained more supporters with other pressure groups.
This should be reversed to have a free and fair election.
Court advised that the electoral process is revised.
The guests departed from the venue at ten o'clock in the night.
Great effort deserves recognition and appreciation.
The final football match will be played today.
Our neighbors are prayerful Christians.
Children should be guided when making career choices.
The focus is on bringing the services closer to the people.
My village is a place that I like to visit in my holidays.
Refugee leaders have been trained and equipped with skills to handle the virus.
Some parents were beaten.
He was very excited to see his brother.
She has been promoted to assistant headteacher.
Many young girls drop out of school due to unplanned pregnancies
I like what I see.
Clan leaders should teach sex education in schools.
They are celebrating thirteen years in marriage.
Defilement leads to forced marriages.
An insect has fallen into my eye.
Many countries have closed their border points so as to minimize the spread of coronavirus.
News reporters released wrong information.
The program has not yet been implemented.
Centenary bank is a project for catholic church.
That player was replaced during the match because he was tired.
Most people in villages are still fetching water from wells.
Some employees were denied pay.
Creativity is needed in your work.
My mother went swimming yesterday afternoon.
The probability that a girl will finish school is lower than that of a boy.
If the opposition could organize ordinary people who suffer the disgrace.
The district has established sexual reproductive health programs in the district.
The police commonly use teargas.
My friends helped me a lot when I was sick.
The game-changing support comes from organized constituencies.
The referee canceled their goal.
My uncle has traveled all over the world.
We should understand how power is organized and exercised in a poor country.
Discipline is also needed in politics.
The city is overpopulated.
I waited for him at the gate.
Business owners are requesting for tax waivers.
This has greatly reduced the insecurity in the region.
He has a very big congregation.
Immunisation is important to prevent the killer diseases.
The cash office was handed over to the accountant.
Career guidance guides students in career choices.
The family couldn't afford funeral costs.
Abu Dhabi encouraged increased investment in vaccine-preventable diseases.
During the riot, a stray bullet hit a child in the head.
It promises to take primary schools up to village level
Poor upbringing has contributed to this.
His win was withdrawn because the elections were rigged.
It's within the law to destroy goods that have been levied and don't enter the market
Crushing rocks is dangerous to people's health.
There was a court session today.
He does not like to argue with people.
She looked with confidence during her job interview.
Some projects transform the lives of people.
He informed people to be alert about the current situation in West Nile.
Are the Resident District Commissioners doing their work?
They did not follow the formal process while applying for jobs.
Indisciplined drivers cause accidents on the road.
Some police officers are corrupt.
The officials want to increase the local revenue in the district treasury.
Confederation of African football has denied its decision being unilateral.
The people who bury yellow fever victims do not have protective equipment.
Heads of state agreed that everyone in Africa was entitled to immunization.
Some street children intentionally run away from home.
He can sing as well as play other musical instruments.
The European green capital is where scientists focused on the diverse values of nature.
It was such an enjoyable event.
The government should strengthen the police force in order to reduce crime.
How much work do you have?
Young trees should properly be monitored for proper growth.
International aid is of great benefit to Ugandans.
Several buildings in this community have caught fire this year.
Water safety is a critical point of discussion.
My baby is sick.
But there are fewer passengers than usual noticing his calls.
Let us go to a place where our children will be happy
Uganda was number fourteen with a seventeen percent increase.
The district leaders and the security officers are working together to secure the area.
Instead of people motorcycles are instructed to carry only cargo
He was taken to the police station to make a statement.
When did you write that letter?
His name has two different spellings.
He is a Christian.
That casual jacket costs thirty thousand Ugandan shillings.
He controls traffic on the road.
The National Identification and Registration Authority registered sixteen million and four hundred voters.
What are the ten best primary schools in Kampala?
I have added more information to this month's report.
My sister invited me to visit her in Germany.
Every leader shared their constituency's budget.
The deceased had wounds on his back.
One person can not make decisions for the whole community.
The task force sensitized people to carry out social distancing.
He said every country is now trying to manufacture its coronavirus vaccine.
The district leader urged the government to develop other tourist sites.
He walks while pocketing.
Many people lost their loved ones during the second wave of the coronavirus.
Uganda, Rwanda, and Burundi are experiencing tense political cross-border situations.
What should government do to reduce domestic violence?
She treated the boys badly.
What is the least academic qualification a Member of Parliament should have?
All those seeking justice should go to court.
They received a charity fund to construct the library.
What is the salary structure in this company?
The weather is very hot these days.
What is the process to get drivers' licenses?
The rebel group didn't take part in the peace talking agreements.
There are many healthy ways to deal with grief.
The supporters were not happy with the court session.
No one died in the burnt building.
The program head says there are twelve new programs the school.
Her grandson died in prison.
There are preachers all over the university today.
Public funds were used to run party operations.
She was determined to sell all her property and leave the village.
My restaurant also offers catering services for parties.
There has been pollution of the land and poisoning of animals from oil waste.
The owner invested heavily in that basketball team.
Money borrowed has helped women to improve their standards of living.
Which business are you operating?
Irene Muloni denied the money scam involving the building of the bridge in Kamuli.
This information is scary.
When is the first phase of the project beginning?
Hygiene is one way of preventing diseases.
Moyo general hospital does not have an effective isolation facility.
The postponed the deadline.
Her body temperature has increased.
My wife is here to see the lawyer.
The stars are brightly shining in the sky.
The club supporters are not happy with the team's current performance.
Who took their wedding photos?
There are a lot of people in prison.
The officer in charge told us the truth about the detention center.
The first athlete to cross the finish line is the winner.
The meeting was cancelled.
We want to tell him the news quickly.
Some decisions were reached at by the committee.
What is the purpose of opposition to the government?
Digital Satellite Television has brought foreign league matches to viewing centers
Passengers on the flight will also reach lake Mburo National Park with ease.
So what happens when you start a new company?
Water bodies support economic activities, like fishing.
The understanding will help many people access educational programs.
Let each one of us plant a tree in his or her compound.
There is a food shortage in the northern region.
Some of the king's names were mentioned.
Men should support women in all aspects of life.
Some businesses have shut down because of the pandemic.
The disability prevents the children from making use of some facilities.
The student collapsed when the teacher started beating him.
They supported the children through the provision of basic scholastic materials.
He will find a nice suit for you.
The health officer explained that they are ready to battle with the virus.
Do you know the number of doctors in this country?
It is rich in a lot of minerals and it is part of proteins foods
We lost interest in the party.
Christians are preaching the gospel of unity and love.
We must have a fresh start.
My mother is good at keeping secrets.
The auditor general audits all government spending every financial year.
The landslides have displaced many people from their homes.
He was a great leader.
Most of the shelves in her shop were empty.
Babies are blessings from God.
Many Ugandans are underpaid.
Uganda's security has improved due to the installation of cameras.
The organization is sponsoring students who are good at any sports activity.
The organisation informed refugees on how to curb the spread of the virus.
He is being accused of defrauding Bank of Uganda.
This requires that we take care of the complexity of a situation.
Technical lessons and talent discovery should be encouraged in schools.
Madagascar is like an island.
Students were advised to spend their holidays fruitfully.
She played the piano on several occasions.
Why do people move from villages to towns?
Motorcycles could be of great importance to the health sector.
He is a third year university student.
How can we overcome unemployment among the youths?
Individual contributions from members keep the club running.
This center for development is at the University of Bern.
Many young parents have been strained by the pandemic.
Our village is very far from the city center.
The exams are prepared by consultants or university lecturers.
The government of Uganda owned thirty-one percent shares.
The leaders called for a public meeting over the ongoing land wrangles.
Only five teachers qualified for headteacher positions.
The government should allocate more money to refugee budgets
They are needy and they should be helped.
Maintenance of the roads will begin next month.
How would you rank your staff level of commitment towards work?
My son was suspended from school for fighting.
My brother started his singing career at the age of five years.
The bride turned up the venue in the most unconventional way.
From then, he stopped beating me.
The government needs to work with community leaders to fight deforestation.
Challenges faced by youth in agribusiness will be discussed.
Eating certain foods may help reduce the risk of cancer.
The orphans were to remain under their mother's care.
Learning is facilitated by technology that gives children some element of control over time.
The team should receive agricultural produce from members of parliament.
He says without elaborating that in our case, we are not organized.
Actually, I keep wondering why we have very few state partnerships.
Good grades can get you into the University.
The office was now overflowing with reporters.
Onions are grown on a large scale in the Southwestern part of Uganda.
Pupils got wet after the classroom room was blown away by the storm.
Kagame's remarks were a broad sweep.
The church gave all its new followers Bibles to start their journey with God.
They were demoted from their ranks.
There is illegal selling of body parts in government hospitals.
Martyrs day is a public holiday in Uganda.
The chiefs always conduct meetings.
Three people died of Ebola in Kasese.
If the river is flooding, don't cross it.
He has finally found himself a woman to marry.
The people of Moyo protested over bad roads.
Politicians make political decisions regarding forests without accounting for what the forests provide.
They bought the land last year.
Some people have created artificial ponds for rearing fish.
Roads are worked upon almost every financial year.
Government should inject more money into University research
Human should protect the natural environment.
We believe that people from a royal family are rich.
Every country has a right to protect its dignity
Millions of fans were dismayed as of the first round of the qualifying games.
He loves to play basketball.
Italy is sponsoring this exhibition which in the past consistently sponsored several local cultural initiatives.
She resorted to doing business online following the closure of the arcades because of the pandemic.
The government gave this man permission over the land.
She is the assistant head girl for our school.
Some teenage girls in villages cannot afford to buy sanitary pads.
Our company has established different branches across the country.
He wants to go for further studies.
The first half of the match is almost ending.
It was nice catching up with you.
I think it is now very common to hear adverts about possible tour opportunities.
The East African Community made twenty years.
The disease has affected the coffee business.
The Survey of some two thousand seven hundred twenty-six African millennials was conducted.
The queen ordered the execution of the two thieves.
The children have to wake up very early.
He won the mayoral election with more votes than any other candidate.
Community is to also involve in child protection.
It then graduated into a bi-weekly a year later.
The bank has invested in a mobile banking application.
Quarantine is now a mandate for all people coming from abroad.
Sick people should always be taken to health facilities.
People should avoid drug abuse.
There should be an improvement in health service delivery.
Passengers were requested to present a coronavirus test results card before traveling.
Ugandan youth are not satisfied with the Ministers that were appointed.
Winnie, would you accept to be our candidate for President?
You can get a mask at one thousand Ugandan shillings only.
Residents are complaining over poor quality road works.
The minister donated three ambulances to the district.
That's the reason you see people walking around in space suits.
The village council treasurer attacked the chairman for being tribalistic.
There are several hair types.
Health workers were appreciated for the good work done.
What are the types of fishing?
Leaders are accountable to their voters.
Wash the fruits before eating them,
The government has bought a new police uniform.
The deceased was a football coach in his district.
She wants to live in the city.
The daughters of the deceased looked on.
Mobile phones are used in communicating.
Refugees lack food to eat.
Coral reefs have discouraged fishing activities on the River Nile.
She joined the army last Monday.
Another patient was discharged today.
I know how to weave a basket.
It is healthy for a human being to drink water on a daily basis.
Education should be affordable.
Lack of evidence is common in corruption cases since corrupt officials cover their tracks
The team's win was celebrated.
Girl empowerment projects are ongoing.
The locals protested against poor service delivery.
They are hearing radio programs where the betrayers are participating.
Many religious leaders attended the function.
Most of my relatives live in America.
I don’t have electricity at my place.
The news context is usually edited before issuing it for public consumption.
The rebels captured and killed my elder brother.
The lodge charges five hundred eighty United states dollars per night.
Why do some people snore while sleeping?
Uganda's participation in the event will raise its profile.
What provisions of the law are you relying on?
He was thirty-one years old when he died.
Her parents are in danger.
The health workers have to walk to hospitals during this period.
The truth is that the land belongs to the government.
He hasn’t paid this month's rent.
The project opportunities should be distributed evenly among all people.
It is a professional football club.
Several politicians have since been involved in the violence.
It takes a long time for the court cases to be resolved.
Community policing can be used as a way of fighting smuggling.
He pleaded guilty for another offence.
Youths should be informed about the dangers of the human immune virus.
Some teachers have decided to quit the teaching profession because of the pandemic.
The impounded car belonged to the wife of a city businessman.
Who is not afraid of being infected with coronavirus?
Uganda's female presidential candidate believes she is the right person for the seat.
No action was taken against the culprits involved.
Actions speak louder than words.
Headteachers in refugee-hosting communities were equipped with management skills.
The president recommended commercial farming as one of the best businesses.
Many people complain the money sent by the government doesn't reach in full.
Uganda is gifted with lakes and rivers, forests and mountains.
Drivers must take measures to maintain their wheels and tyres.
The parents had to pay two million shillings ransom to get their child.
Check that the spray hits the windshield where it’s supposed to.
Hospital equipment should be regularly maintained for better service.
He is a God above all gods.
They want to get him out of prison.
The most popular social networks for that community was Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter.
A bigger percentage of Ugandans are Christians.
The coach said we will train for two hours only.
The Muslims fasting period is called Ramadan.
My brother wore an expensive black leather jacket today.
A thief attacked the security guard.
The building that was still under construction fell down.
The government wants its case to be judged by the international court.
Government is leasing one hundred acres of land for the construction of industries.
Girls should be vaccinated for cervical cancer.
The percolator automatically turns off when the water is fully boiled.
The doctors are demanding their payment.
The phenomenon of sports betting among African youths has taken the region by storm.
Most schools are offering online classes to their students.
What is the purpose of signing documents?
We heard patrol soldiers coming in the night.
What are you going to wear to the party?
They were saved by the police.
Development of oil and gas will attract development in the area.
His leg suddenly got swollen.
People use government projects for their own gain.
The technicians inspected Okabi stream for the establishment of the power project.
My brother used crutches to walk when his leg was broken.
She will be completing her degree next year.
Will Durant, said there are only three successful forms of government known to man.
Teachers often use past papers to prepare students for examinations
Why do you fear the unknown?
He decided to plant eucalyptus trees on his bare piece of land.
The president may extend the lockdown for more three weeks.
Her father is a Ugandan while her mother is Dutch.
Our school management committee has contributed to the construction of a new football field.
Some schools were forced to cease operation.
He wrote a list of people that were involved in the fraud.
Onions take around four months to mature.
Which calls for more creativity.
From the level of top leadership to the constable stationed at the charge office.
But the sedition saga is still not quite over.
The police made sure that civilians don't get hurt.
New broadcasters will obtain rights to broadcast the beautiful game of Africa.
He is watching football from the neighborhood.
That bank has branches in over twenty African countries.
I knew that Valencia was going to be a really fast course.
Health officers warn meat sellers about the poor hygiene of butcheries.
These organizations help in caring for child development in the refugee camps.
They are planning to construct a bridge.
The investigations were very costly.
There is mandatory testing for covid-19 at the airport.
Accidents are common on busy roads.
People are being tested for malaria.
The report she submitted about the life of the locals was a total lie.
Children in rural areas face a lot of challenges in accessing education facilities.
District leaders explained that construction should be effective and efficient.
The workers struck over salary issues.
The doctors work every day.
Taxi drivers work under a certain organization.
They used up their capital during the coronavirus pandemic.
Where will the tailoring training be?
The national team played against one of the strong teams in Africa.
He hired some people to help him harvest his maize.
Why do we need the chief administrative officers?
Rwanda has Russian helicopters, Ural vehicles, small arms, and Air Defense Systems.
I pray before going to bed.
My daughter is learning how to plait hair.
Local communities contribute to the welfare of the refugees.
His case hearing has been postponed until next week.
The country lost a lot of money due to lack of supervision over the activity.
He acquired a land title registered in his name.
Some cultural norms are oppressive.
Besigye started off writing that I have taken a keen interest and participated in politics.
The forum is supposed to determine the relationships of political parties.
The confederation of African football obeys Egyptian laws.
The spokesman's phone was unavailable.
Measles vaccines should be provided without fail.
The biggest problems we have are finances and organization.
You saved my boy because you knew how to swim.
He got lost in the desert.
The company owes money to more than three banks.
He did not like the way his boss used to talk about fellow employees.
They did not score any goal.
Northern Uganda has been developed.
New job opportunities have been announced.
The opposition has witnessed cruel abuse from the State.
The great men are always celebrated.
A fingerprint can be used instead of a signature.
His brother developed an application for predicting crop yield.
We are still looking for more money.
Don’t lean on the walls.
He met with the Health Services Director-General.
People express their loyalty in different ways.
Everyone has a right to access a lawyer.
Health workers should be given allowances.
The doctor told her to eat more vegetables than meat.
President Trump has even threatened to instruct the Federal Communications Commission.
When is a coronavirus patient taken to the intensive care unit?
There was a photograph of our teacher in the newspaper today.
Laziness could lead to poverty.
When the bombs went off, business declined.
The tourism industry of Uganda is growing.
Bridge construction will take three years.
Big companies sponsor football clubs.
The cows are milked in the morning and evening.
Interest on agriculture loans is always tax-exempt.
There have been over ten landslides in that area over the past ten years.
Tears rolled down her cheek when she heard that her father had died.
How can we stop corruption in the county?
The police killed some of the suspected assassins.
Some people could not afford solar lighting systems and energy-saving stoves.
People are still not happy with the new taxes.
Why are most gates made out of metal?
I missed out on the details of the story.
They removed their teeth and slaughtered cows.
He is one of the best news editors in the country.
People must observe the covid nineteen guidelines.
The medical and the newspaper team are running health adverts this week.
The woman unintentionally beat her child to death.
He is an anointed man of God.
The club will address all the challenges it is facing.
How history can repeat itself.
Where do you want to go this afternoon?
Liberty comes along with lots of benefits.
Which diseases are caused by bacteria?
That woman died of breathing complications from coronavirus.
Did you forgive her?
I graduated with a degree in engineering.
Political analysts have criticized the illegal presence of the electoral commission secretary Sam Rwakoojo.
The mayor requested the health facility to be kind to the patients.
Some people engage in politics for money but not to serve.
Fathers should always be present in their daughters' lives.
The party is determined to win the elections in most of the constituencies.
The laboratory test results are not yet out.
The examination board is responsible for setting final exams for candidate classes.
The last elections were rigged.
The center is already conducting such courses using its instructors and facilitators.
Cultural diversity and universality help in sustainability.
Most traders in Uganda import their products from China.
Certain organisations provide information to farmers on crop inputs and varieties via radio.
He hit me with a stone.
Goods entering into Uganda are first checked at the border points.
They were many music performances that night.
He produces juice for the local market only.
Doctors encouraged us to eat fruits to boost our immunity.
They did not lose any football match.
The spread of AIDS in married couples is due to unfaithfulness.
I connected with my customers to attract more business opportunities.
Many expectant mothers died yesterday.
Every donation made helps to take care of an orphan.
It is very possible to be hungry and thirsty at the same time.
Our hospitals are collapsing under the weight of disrepair.
But where do thieves get the guns they use in their operations?
What are the challenges that hinder good hygiene?
Beekeeping has been a good source of income for my family.
Parents should personally make school fees payments.
Gender-based violence is high among couples.
Her son has started fishing to get money.
Someone has entered in there.
The thieves snatched her handbag as she moved across the street.
He did not fulfill any of his promises.
Most of the people who were invited to the wedding have confirmed their attendance.
This financial report has many loopholes.
People are eagerly waiting for that moment to come.
He explained that emphasis should be towards changing their mindset and not the degree.
Some government officials ask for money from clients before working on them.
Single mothers had an empowerment workshop.
The police rarely shoot to kill.
Some Ugandans are employed in foreign countries.
They were caught red-handed by one of the camp residents.
These clubs employ many other people apart from players.
We cannot extend the meeting to a later date.
She has just recovered from malaria.
Where is the venue?
Individuals were clear and eligible to hold posts within the party.
It seems like the minister is on a mission.
Expand medical treatment units where necessary.
Western Uganda has many tourist sites.
Patients need treatment to be well.
He was not given time to prepare for the interview.
Some voters were non-residents of the community.
Med Kaggwa disciplined people who block opposition leaders from speaking on radios.
Nowadays every private hospital asks for a consultation fee.
The football tournament will be held next week.
Why should security be used to intimidate people?
Land cases should be taken to court.
The candidate wants to represent the ruling party in Arua.
There is ongoing health supervision in every district.
Church leaders should support their Christians even outside the church.
He wants to respond to the existing problems faced by the people.
Who stole my money?
The lockdown resulted in girls spending more time with boys and men.
The President called upon all security organizations to work together.
Ugandans are still safe from the ebola virus outbreak
The state police have been viewed as an instrument for control.
Most refugees stay in temporary homes like tents.
The letter will be read in parliament.
Most of the police stations are very small to accommodate a big number of criminals.
The vaccination teams will reach Arua in seven days.
Members of parliament receive many allowances from the ministry of finance annually.
Many people are now involving children in farming.
He is a musician from Congo.
Trade greatly depends on the port.
You like spoiling everything that you set your hands on.
The accused was taken to a nearby health centre.
I don’t know why they were attacked.
The religious leaders are not above the law and should follow the health guidelines.
It is one of the best football teams in the national league.
The Quran is the holy book for Muslims.
Parents of the injured boy understood the circumstance at which their son was shot.
He sang a song about how the government is oppressing its citizens.
Very soon, the lights will begin to function.
How do you run your business?
Many newer models do not require coolant change.
The outbreak of coronavirus was unexpected.
Only the winner will take the trophy back home.
He has been in jail for ten years now.
What could have caused their loss?
Make more friends than enemies.
This new drug really works well.
Others said he aimed at either Burundi or Uganda.
Uganda medical interns threatened to strike over underpayments.
The suspects tarnished the village name.
The tourist took photographs of the animals with his camera.
Parents are encouraged to go for different family planning methods.
He was unable to pay his bills last month.
A United Nations agency is planning to start training journalists in Eastern Africa.
The road is so narrow.
Water is a necessity of life.
His friends want to get him out of jail.
Trainees have been empowered with cake making skills.
Compensation disputes can be settled outside the courtroom.
The telecom company needs to consistently advertise and market its products.
They give us the market despite the transport problems
Parents should protect their children from bad peer groups.
Food was distributed to several parts of the country in the first lockdown.
The first step was to share the profits in the savings group.
I advise you to plant pine trees on that piece of land.
Violence against humanity is bad
The hospital is under renovation.
The cost of electricity has increased.
The author is a journalist with New Vision.
The incumbent gave inspirational messages.
The children performed a play about Jesus' life on earth.
Let him rest in peace.
Men in the villages oppress their wives.
Transportation of the club is very costly.
I wouldn't do that!
Volunteering is good practice.
How long have you been married?
She got a salary increment this year.
The farmer has a small tractor.
Caution must be taken to avoid the spread of diseases.
The football players have awarded the best players for the season.
We laid a trap in order to catch the rats.
Some of the money will be given to the security forces.
Her grandfather was once the chairman of the village.
The leaders shall have assistants to help them fulfil their duties.
There are various breeds of pigs in Uganda.
They paid for all the water bills.
He urged them to spread the word of God in all corners of the country.
In our country, golf is mostly played by rich people.
This day is celebrated on October ninth of every year.
The number of malaria patients is high.
He has been our group leader for more than five years.
The post-cold war peak reached two thousand fourteen.
He was taken to the disciplinary committee.
It is good to take off some time and reflect.
The government collects feedback from the opinions of community members.
Attempted murder is also considered a criminal case.
She always gives me gifts on my birthday.
The Uganda People Defense Force Jinja-based Legal Training Centre received a donation.
His popularity made him a successful politician in the country.
We are following up on the issue.
Pregnant mothers should be handled with care.
The company launched a new type of sofas last week.
Some insects are edible.
This places the engine at a more efficient operating point by reducing choking losses.
Culture doesn't exclude age: young and old attended the music festival.
Forests act as global water pumps that deliver rain to distant regions.
Understaffed schools will receive more equipment.
Direct travels between Rwanda and Burundi ceased.
My mother is reading her bible.
There is unfair treatment of workers based on their gender.
I did not see much of his work, but I believe it was good.
She dried her hair in the sun.
people do not know how to control their temper
Many people got bank loans during the lockdown.
The speaker's sickness was abrupt.
The suspension of these students will be an example for the rest.
No part of the country will be spared.
Alcohol is not for those below the age of eighteen years.
Youths are being trained to play golf.
What is the news about?
There is discrimination in that school.
Northern Uganda is a sparsely populated region.
Unfortunately, the leader was absent.
The Electoral Commission is recruiting polling assistants in Kampala district.
What causes landslides in mountainous areas?
His family will take over his property when he travels.
The headteacher was awarded a token of appreciation.
The police keeps law and order in the society.
Some plants grow without human intervention.
Why do you only remember me in hard times?
The law states that someone is innocent until proven guilty
He gave us all the details of what took place.
There is always a team that has to win in the tournament.
One hundred prisoners escaped from prison last year.
People without company identification cards were not allowed to enter the building.
The villagers learned to ignore the hippopotamus and carry on with their fishing.
It is important for a woman who is working and has a family to balance home and work duties.
He switched his phone off before the meeting.
Kaggwa served many roles in human rights advocacy.
Such a coming together, the Founders realized
The projects will run for a period of two months.
You are allowed to speak to your lawyer.
He blamed the article editors.
People need to follow up on the progress of district projects
We used the rope to skip.
Farmland is sometimes a challenge to farmers.
He scored a hat trick in the game.
Treasurers are trusted with money.
We shall continue from where we have stopped.
Shy people find it hard to look directly into people's eyes.
The Ministry of Health anticipates that there might be a third wave of coronavirus.
His father bought him a new school uniform at the beginning of the term.
More people leave villages and farms to live in the cities.
Medicines are not stolen by health workers operating illegal, clinics.
He promised to give jobs to unemployed youths.
He was accused of other crimes.
There is only one way to church.
He was the most important guest at the ceremony.
She bought a shirt for her husband at one hundred thousand Ugandan shillings.
We have two weeks to exams.
They were unarmed and peacefully moving with their cows.
The district officials want to promote local tourism among the people.
The church congregation has lost six children since the beginning of the year.
Foreign commentators are guilty of many shortcomings.
That television station currently has the best investigative reporters in the media arena.
Not every legislator can be appointed to cabinet
The industries in Namanve have provided jobs for the residents.
Businesses at the borders are very frustrated.
She is afraid of the dark.
More information is given in this report
Why don’t you get some sleep?
There has not been a landslide in this area for ten years.
The mining industry has contributed to the growth and development of Uganda.
The funds were meant to improve infrastructure in the region.
Viral diseases can lead to deaths.
The priest advised Christians to protect themselves from evil.
What is our final plan?
When they spoke it was slow and confusing.
Biogas is a cheaper energy source.
Most of the refugees in Uganda come from the neighbouring countries.
Some politicians said that the police is working with criminals.
Rebels have kidnapped the girls.
She was wearing a black long skirt.
In which part of Uganda is Arua district located?
Follow the standard guidelines in order to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
The training will target at least sixty journalists in Kenya, Uganda, and Ethiopia
Countries like Tanzania did not believe in the prevalence of coronavirus.
That scientist has done thorough research about the coronavirus.
The building housing the office of the president was built by a Chinese company.
The house is very dirty.
It is not easy for pregnant women to walk to hospitals.
He earns four hundred thousand every month,
The police shot at the rioters.
The officials were fired over corruption allegations.
Ashes were pointing the way into the woods.
Experts from friendly countries should be invited as advisers.
Some football clubs in the country lack standard playgrounds for hosting games.
He went to court, but the police claimed the evidence was insufficient.
It requires signing a petition to the International Criminal Court.
It would be strange if that lady stands for a member of parliament.
The photographers were asked to turn off the camera flashlights while shooting.
The headmaster stole the money that had been collected for the new administration block.
Under what conditions can a school be closed?
He grabbed him before he could run away.
They will meet to discuss the construction of the new stadium.
Roads should be constructed with genuine materials.
politicians borrow to endear themselves to voters by exhibiting exaggerated generosity
Their family has benefited from the nutrition program for refugees.
Laws regarding possession of weapons need to be strengthened in the country.
His competitor is allowed to leave the group.
Security agents are continuously breaking the law.
A lot of games are available for people to play.
Mugisha Muntu is on a petition to indict president Museveni.
Ambulances should be operated by skilled health care practitioners.
Barkcloth Fabric is exported to foreign countries.
Nursery schools and daycares provide an environment for children to explore without parents' guidance.
The teacher said that he can't see my results.
What do you want to tell him?
Some farmers are selling their rice locally and internationally.
The volleyball team signed a contract to play for the country.
The region has only one ambulance, which has served for twenty years.
Discussion on what Rubella is and how it can be transmitted
The witch cast a spell on him.
There is a concern that elected leaders rarely come back to the people they represent.
So why were you accused of trying to kill him?
There are a lot of people coming in to see the doctor.
She is accusing her boss of harassing her at work.
All people should keep their animals locked.
He was operating a bar without a license.
The land conflict has not been resolved yet.
She comes from very far but she is always early at school.
He wanted to understand their problems
He wasted a lot of time during his youthful age.
It has been raining every day.
Not every pesticide should be used to spray ticks.
I started playing football ten years ago.
There is an increase in the growing of bananas in western Uganda.
The project will enhance agricultural productivity.
The community needs to support religious leaders.
The government is accountable to all citizens.
It has earmarked one hundred million United States dollars to expand its network.
She has not played netball in three months because of the injury on her shoulder.
Government officials can be transferred to any part of Uganda for work purposes.
Some employees receive an hourly pay based on daily completion of work.
The students damaged the windows of the college during the riot.
The opposition leader wants to overthrow the long-serving president.
The university is determined to maintain its position.
It’s going to rain.
The dog has been barking since morning.
The policeman ordered the criminal to drop his weapon.
The sun bakes and hardens the rubber.
The hospital workers are very hard-working.
The suspect of the theft was arrested.
There is someone knocking at the door.
I brought her chocolate as a gift.
The pandemic cases in that district are now reducing.
My cousin is one of the best news anchors in the country.
It is not clear some leaders do not want to talk about peace.
They failed to work together.
She asked them to bring proof of the allegations towards her.
The Christian organisation established a handwashing point at the orphanage.
The youth are allowed to get vaccines.
Let us wait for the minister's announcement today.
The underage also took part in the voting process.
That team has over thirty players.
Tororo Archdiocese led the catholic mass in this year's martyrs celebrations.
We bought a brand new family car this year.
The parliamentarian grew up on the Ugandan border.
Due to full capacity in the hospitals, coronavirus patients with mild symptoms were told to treat themselves from home.
The tourists climbed to the peak of the mountain.
Many secular musicians claim to be Christians.
The cameras should be installed at the police station counters.
Policymakers encourage large-scale agriculture to meet global demands in the market.
The run is aimed at raising funds.
The school was used to isolate coronavirus patients.
The Prime minister orchestrated the establishment of a new borehole.
The youth should avoid gathering in crowded places.
Parents should take care of their children.
Russia is the second-largest supplier of arms in the world.
It is possible to catch up with those that are ahead of you.
It is the responsibility of a man to take care of his wife and children.
Students have challenges of question interpretation because of poor English.
The Genetically Modified Organisms Bill was passed by the Ugandan parliament.
Some items from the supermarket were auctioned.
Civilians are being recruited into the army.
Fish can be preserved by refrigerating it.
Some children do not like being at home.
He was the third in the four hundred meter race.
They traveled for the games.
How many sons does he have?
Silence is one of the most challenging tasks a leader has to take on.
They are still on the opposition side.
People have acquired skills through engaging in the manufacture of stoves.
Power-sharing legitimizes the state
Tourism will improve Uganda's economy in the coming years.
The military parade celebrating Rwanda's twenty-fifth Liberation Day in August.
Cooperatives offer technical support to farmers.
The ministry of water and environment will demarcate most of the wetlands in Arua.
Americans were the first people to reach out to the moon.
Uganda's currency has dropped over the last six months.
My grandfather chose his second son to take over his poultry business.
What causes corruptions among the leaders?
The people in the rural areas participated highly in this year's presidential election.
She frowned her face in disgust.
The council has to ensure proper valuation and evaluation of the land.
Uganda's nationals were murdered by Rwanda's security personnel.
People have been educated and trained to handle the virus in Arua.
He was the first journalist to be elected as a Member of Parliament.
Ugandans should gain computer knowledge.
He warned against the quick branding of individuals as enemies.
People should respect the outcome of the boundaries within the colonial map.
He was sanctioned with a letter inviting him to court.
Blood donation relieves the body from excess blood and keeps it healthy.
The church leaders served the congregation so well.
The city is very peaceful and organized.
We are well prepared to host the guests.
They were brought before a court of law.
Some people did not have anything to eat during the lockdown.
She left the family home because she wanted to be independent.
They were saving lives
The community members forwarded their problems to the chairman.
The East African Union focused on forming an army for the entire community.
The genocide was successful because of effective mobilization by the state.
Extension workers need new vehicles and motorcycles.
We need to replace all the bulbs in the house.
We were treated kindly at your home.
Police act to any form of rebellion and violence.
The new employees in the company introduced themselves to the old team.
They passed by his house first before they left for school.
The educational officer has advised teachers to set weekly tests for better results.
The suspects will be taken to court.
He recalls that it was the first real shock for him.
When a vehicle is scheduled for service an oil change is done.
We are trying to find new ways of reaching our target market.
The protocol for the establishment of a common market was signed.
A president has to create opportunities for his party members to make money
We have to quarantine coronavirus patients.
The locals planted trees along the riverbank.
It is interesting that we now have to pay tax to use the phone.
He will be competing in the swimming competition again for the first time in five years.
The president of Guinea was overthrown.
Not everyone is happy with a court ruling
The refugees request for a larger settlement.
People usually know a lot of things in their surrounding.
There is always a need to ensure we have packed enough food.
The police warned the public against mob justice.
How many people attended the meeting?
She is envied by many of her peers.
The company has previously been in partnership with other different companies.
The airline was delayed in Tanzania.
The whole class failed the examination.
A Ghanian couple did a wonderous thing on their wedding day.
There is no electricity in my home area.
There is an increase of rape cases during the pandemic lockdown.
Given the various situations she went through, she is now a motivational speaker.
He has given us health insurance and farmers are getting cows.
The post-election violence was a sudden reaction to the election rigging.
That shoe is slightly different from mine.
Their role is to strengthen wildlife conservation.
The district sports office has given out football Jerseys to all youth clubs.
Do not rush to make decisions.
How old is your husband?
Students with extraordinary projects were rewarded with one thousand pounds.
Students should know about governance to understand current political trends.
The inspector general of government is called Irene Mulyagonja.
The promotions apply only to subscribers and are short-term.
He was weeding his flower bed.
They know that they go through the party primary elections.
A survey on settlements at border districts is being held.
She died from the Human Immunodeficiency Virus because of no access to treatment.
The new stadium will be able to accommodate twenty thousand people.
Eastern Uganda will receive the mosquito nets this month.
People should inform the police about criminal activities in the area.
He is going for industrial training.
Adultery is not a solution.
Our forefathers protected the environment.
The auditor advised the company to chase some employees.
Italy accounts for only 2% of the global population.
Her husband treats her like a queen.
Where are you coming from?
Some government officials have been accused of corruption.
He has forgiven those who participated in the racial killing.
My grandmother knits sweaters for us.
What is the estimated budget?
Some youth spend most of their time on social media.
They disrespected me at the party.
Women should be respected and supported.
The person who stole the land has been arrested.
All driving permits will be inspected.
Ugandans are urged to join the blood donation cause.
The rebels caused a war in the northern part of Uganda.
People have engaged in business activities alongside the river.
Mark Zuckerberg addresses the audience on the challenges of protecting free speech.
My friend gave me a comforting hug when she came to see me in the hospital.
The company director has been spying on the employees for a long period of time.
All students will go home for a two weeks holiday.
Leonardo conceptualized these as ingenious objects over five hundred years ago.
The meeting aimed to resolve all outstanding problems.
Where do you plan to buy land?
My suspicion was confirmed by the laboratory tests
They threatened to strike over pay.
What are some of the life skills?
The children went to sleep after eating.
He did not commit the offense even though there is no evidence.
The construction of the new road has displaced many locals from their land.
The long period taken by the administrator to turn around the company's fortunes mean he has failed
What was he chewing?
We were curious to know what happened at the party.
You can prevent the spread of coronavirus by practising social distancing.
His grandparents haven't received the money from the senior citizens' grant.
The guests at the wedding were entertained by dancers and musicians.
I planted flowers in my compound.
The little girl was dressed in torn dirty clothes.
Not long after his diploma, he was recalled at Law Development Center.
We are expected to report to school in seven days.
The team refused to agree on which account to transfer money.
Why are there waves on the lake?
It also causes problems with steering and maneuvering.
Alcoholism is a cause of death amongst the youth.
Do not trust people.
The terrorists were assisted.
The number of coronavirus cases has reduced in the country.
Religious leaders keep encouraging us to ensure transparency in all we do.
Mosquito nets were distributed to reduce the spread of malaria.
We hired a new house manager.
Many people will be hosted in a large groundbreaking activity.
School headteachers should promote unity with other schools in the region.
My mother took us to one of the best schools in this country.
Banana wilt destroyed at least three-quarters of the plantations.
Nowadays people are taking matters into their own hands
The demand for local organic products is low on the market.
Why don't you stay at home if you are not feeling well?
She was criticized for making losses in the company.
She doesn’t know how to swim.
What is the role of the teacher's union?
His wife is the lead singer in the church choir.
Please buy me some newspapers from the supermarket.
He was accused of stealing a motorcycle.
They took samples of the soil to the laboratory.
The findings of the team have been given to the president.
The police survey the village whenever the curfew time approaches.
He said that our diversity should unite us.
The engineers said that cable installation would not affect water transport.
Teachers should be highly appreciated for the efforts they put in to mentor us.
The coronavirus disease started in China before spreading to the rest of the world.
Where can one invest their money without fear of making losses?
Ministers pay for constituents' expenses which result in corruption
Some people in rural areas do not receive good health care.
The man has not even ordered for reservation of that table.
It is always important for the ministry of education to oversee all school issues.
Mugisha added that the corporation is adding more training outlets.
It is likely to affect the politics of the district.
Some government programs are in place to assist the youths.
The community is encouraged to plant trees on unused farmland.
Durable items are the most expensive on the market.
Traumatised children are usually emotionally disturbed.
The property of the deceased will be distributed equally amongst his children.
The leader denied all the allegations.
Men were advised to stop the polygamous way of life.
Technology has encouraged continuity of learning during this pandemic season.
Some people from foreign countries have never seen barkcloth in their lives.
I found her walking with her husband in the morning.
Coronavirus infections were most common in urban areas.
The president promised access to electricity throughout the country.
He sells masks on the streets of Kampala.
The believers accused their church leader.
We named our son after the doctor who saved my life.
You shouldn't be disappointed by the court ruling.
Putting all these elements together gives them a chance to listen to the campaign managers.
The World Bank has given another loan to Uganda.
What strategies have been laid to improve access to clean water?
The advertisements are bearing positive returns for the company.
The bishop informed people to help those who are vulnerable.
My brother died in prison yesterday.
people are now employing people who are below eighteen years of age
The farmers have got high yields this season.
They were scared of bloodshed because of regional conflicts.
They were advised to venture into poultry.
This disease affects mostly women in different ways.
January is a difficult month because most people are recovering from Christmas spending.
The organization gave people capital to start up their own businesses.
I am going to the football pitch.
Cancer should be reported at the earliest stage of discovery.
We need to trust one another.
Water supply is difficult in rocky and hilly areas.
The old man enjoyed the fruits of his hard work.
They have been asked to vacate the land in two weeks.
Many players did not qualify to participate in the tournament.
She loves her sisters so much.
Is the police chief still in control of the police?
Our school built a new library.
Through unity, we can achieve a lot.
Most of the people who contracted the virus are drunkards.
He works as a tour guide in the national park.
Government officials have spearheaded the fight against environmental degradation.
Ethiopia is considered to have the highest firepower.
Some patients die from blood loss because hospitals have no blood.
The law which restricts betting to people below eighteen years has not been enforced.
How is the coronavirus disease spread?
Someone stole my clothes from the wire.
His salary has been tripled.
What could cause the public to reject certain government projects?
They are using public resources to do their work.
He made history today by winning a gold medal.
Street children survive by begging and stealing.
What causes flooding of rivers?
She uses the cloth material to make cushions.
There are many hair salons in this area.
China has a large population of people.
There is competition among the Kampala capital city players.
We cannot eliminate it.
Two people were charged with murdering the businessman from Kenya.
It will tell whether fans will fill the stadia to support them.
Agricultural equipment is very expensive for farmers.
Street vendors always cause harm to themselves while escaping the police.
Makerere University performs well in the African region.
Many elderly people have died due to complications from the pandemic.
The pupils haven't had access to such facilities since the school was opened.
It is easier to travel within Uganda by helicopter.
Their complaints paid off.
There are many oil reserves in Western Uganda.
The girls went to the market to buy clothes.
City authorities urge schools to support children's talents.
The police officer was also arrested.
People cannot live without food.
An assault is an act of inflicting physical harm on someone.
The impact has been felt across the world.
This is my fourth year at this company.
She prays to God to bless her with finances.
She commented about the poor performance of the students during the meeting.
The doctors threatened to go on strike if their monthly wages are not increased.
But it can disrupt an individual’s work.
How can success be sustained?
Tribalism can often lead to war if it is not brought under control
What is your daily routine?
A bank was sued for breaching the contract.
My prosperity comes from others.
Our company is targeting fresh graduates for the new jobs.
Computers are expensive gadgets.
Kirpalani explained that they agreed to a very fair voting formula.
People cut down a lot of trees for charcoal burning activities.
The budget is read every financial year.
You have taken long in there.
Someone has tampered with my computer.
Why young people engage in corruption?
The ministry of health reported two hundred new coronavirus cases today.
Which group made that advert?
Museveni took over Uganda in one thousand nine hundred eighty-six.
They purchased more building materials.
More roads have been constructed in the country to ease transportation.
The criminal hid away from the police.
No school can succeed without skilled teachers.
Various areas have been found suitable for the relocation.
As she panicked the plate slid from her hands and fell down.
How many people participated in the previous election?
All Moslem families have to slaughter an animal on this day.
My phone can only contain one sim card.
It later succeeds the Idi Amin regime.
People were very hungry.
Some rich men act arrogantly.
The rioters dispersed when the police arrived.
She represented him in court despite knowing that the land belongs to the widow.
The roads are under heavy supervision.
There was tight security at the party.
Uganda's sports sector is facing a lot of problems.
Police officers are required to execute their duties while in uniform.
The first group of landslide victims settled in their new homes today.
Good hygiene can prevent the spread of most diseases
Russian President Vladimir Putin met with African leaders in Sochi.
The children walked back home together.
The referees should be neutral when officiating sports games.
Her brother owns a phone accessories shop.
Some village children stole their oranges yesterday.
Muslims pray from the mosque while Christians pray from the church.
The song has simple lyrics.
He became an orphan at the age of five.
She patiently waited for God to answer her prayers.
Creativity is a skill that employers need desperately.
Some officers have already been arrested.
Employment leads to improved household income.
He did not like his stepfather at all.
The prisoners went on a hunger strike.
What are the signs and symptoms of coronavirus?
Uganda Revenue Authority is in charge of collecting tax revenue in Uganda.
Your mindset can influence your character.
The government donated free food to the people during the lockdown.
There are a number of beverage companies in Uganda.
The government asked them to show proof of ownership of the land.
International organizations are training health workers on how to handle infected patients.
Good builders need good quality construction materials to build a good house.
When the time comes we will let you know.
The deadline for applying for the scholarship program is today.
But why support him with wasted excitement?
Individuals have benefited from statehouse scholarships.
What happened between them?
Museveni was joined by other government officials like Chief Justice Bart Katureebe, Rebecca Kadaga.
This led him into the harsh environment of art galleries.
As a former Member of Parliament, he was expected to give up on the reelection.
Are you a worship team leader?
Some of the pilgrims got to Namugongo on foot.
The wife and the husband will be brought to court on Monday.
The members are not in support of the new party regulations.
The ministry seeks to improve the employment rate among the youth.
Youths are more energetic and active than the elderly.
All the local bars should register themselves at the district town council.
We have a big sports ground at our school.
We need new information sources in order to keep up to date.
Inadequate money could delay operations.
She was appointed to be the minister of health.
How old are you?
Tomorrow is a Friday.
legislators get bribes from other thieving public officials in exchange for covering up their theft
They narrated their nightmare tearfully.
The product consists of small capsules.
Why has the public lost trust in the police?
The clergy condemned the act of false miracles.
She takes lessons in sewing.
The district lacks funds do facilitate service provision.
I shall hand in my report on Monday.
The procedure for relocating the barracks is too long.
Tortoises have a hard shell on the back.
Every person needs privacy at a certain moment in time.
The council officers punished people who throw garbage in road trenches.
The bank has plans to issue another eighty billion shillings for bonds.
He was allowed to talk to the journalists after his trial.
The students are also members of the regional football club.
What could have been some of the benefits of the lockdown?
The investors did not have enough skills.
Truck drivers were some of the first coronavirus victims in Uganda.
When is a police officer allowed to shoot?
Up to twelve people were seriously injured.
The project will support banana growers to continue with banana production.
The elderly still serve a purpose in the community.
She says her in-laws did not take care of her.
All the commanders will be questioned.
I am listening to music.
How many votes did he get in the East African parliament elections?
Birds have light bones which makes it easy for them to fly.
Mugisha made the revelation during the graduation of the staff.
The roads have many potholes which would cause a serious accident.
Do you know how much money I spent on transport?
The hospital has been equipped with health equipment.
If the windshield wipers are failing to wipe, replace them.
People harvest coffee with their hands.
He doesn't know how to swim.
Is it true that the police sometimes arrest the wrong suspects?
Some of the people that participated in the strike were arrested.
He will provide support with financial support to the team.
People love comedy and fun.
Ebola vaccines are available to the community.
There were many accidents in Northern Uganda last month.
That policy is intended to eliminate competition.
Women can also contribute positively to society.
The event aimed at promoting culture.
The young ones are the future leaders of tomorrow.
We were told to avoid crowded places.
The bridegroom was wearing a white coat.
There is the improved power supply in Arua through the Rural electrification agency.
He bought a furnished bed from the carpenter.
We collected money to support my friend's family when they lost their father.
The dance performance excited the audience.
Parents should guide their children.
Refugee camps have been constructed.
There are many qualified individuals but few jobs.
A mother should wash hands before handling a newborn baby.
He was injured during the second half of the match.
Some countries still segregate women in society.
The different players in a match must work together in order to win the game.
New leaders were sworn into new positions of power.
The government is investigating allegations of corruption by officials in the refugee department.
The village leader is very grateful to the government.
What role do local leaders play in society?
Edith Nakalema is unempowered in fulfilling her obligations towards corrupt generals.
Do you have the election results?
Wars in Uganda, Rwanda, and the Democratic Republic of Congo were commanded by Museveni and his lieutenant Kagame.
Some diseases have no cure.
Officials have abused school funds.
Ambulances pick and take patients to the hospital.
Women planted over one tree in last year's celebrations.
I supported myself throughout the University.
What were the president's directives this time round?
Police abuse has become worse in Nairobi.
She is preparing for an online interview.
What are some of the ways one can maintain personal hygiene?
Schools keep learners busy with homework throughout the weekend.
The suits were also intimidating for patients.
Children will acquire different skills during the lockdown.
The accusations are false.
Vote genuine leaders that are ready to work and improve services.
Mobile money agents are involved in recent crimes.
People do not use protection when drunk.
All our children reported back to school as soon as the term began.
There are many health centers in the country.
He has a picture of his late mother in his wallet.
He opened a new branch for his bakery last year.
She pioneered the existence of a locally-based organisation.
He said those backed by foreign forces will pay heavily for their actions.
My sister is good at drawing pictures.
Fishers lack funds to take their children to school.
That is a bad idea to get the drug.
The report has information about the new cities.
Barkcloth is one of the oldest fabrics in the world.
I have no regret leaving without having dinner.
Madi people want to legalise their cultural institution.
His father is a police officer.
Policy decisions neglect the needs of people who depend on forests for livelihoods and welfare.
The chairman of this village is so kind.
She followed her mother to the garden.
As a coach, his team won various games.
They donated food to the orphanage.
The reformer cannot rally ordinary people because they are semi-literate.
When should I drink boiled water?
We should ensure proper sanitation to avoid diseases.
The leaders cautioned Kusasira against under-mining the party in the execution of her new role.
Is short term health insurance a good idea?
What are some of the vocational skills?
Most shop owners dodge tax payments.
Most women do not express themselves freely because they are scared that society will judge them.
Do you know his address?
The government will become more popular.
He was caught stealing the money.
At the university students are encouraged to do research.
There are so many approaches in the struggle to liberate Uganda.
Mother did not want us to play with her.
He was hired to do the job in two weeks.
The kidnappers persuade children into entering their cars by giving them sweets.
There were many celebrities at the party.
Sexual violence thrives most in societies without authoritative bodies.
The refugees were able to eat to their satisfaction.
Qualified health officers should manage health roles.
He may lose a lot of property.
The accused is of old age who cannot serve a prison sentence.
New health facilities have been established to improve medical services
The judge will make his ruling next week.
The mayors have supported the street vendors in the city.
I only watch the news on the television.
People don't have what to eat.
He warned about fighting between the two families.
We should always go to church.
That team deserved to win the competition because they trained very hard.
There has been an explosion of anger over the perceived failure of United Nations peacekeepers.
The next football world cup competition will be hosted by Qatar.
Her mother got a stall in the new market.
The speaker apologised and adjourned the meeting.
Kampala capital city authority was the better team on the day.
Selling goods on the streets is the only way they can facilitate their families.
He is a skilled football player.
We were advised to discover our talents soon enough.
My mother started up her own business.
His songs brought back the old memories.
The minister said most vendors prefer to sell by the roadside than in arcades.
The limited power supply in the area has discouraged business from taking place.
She got many health problems when she left her marriage.
A teacher will have over forty students.
The Minister has created a big crisis at the City Hall.
She had a passion for education.
The new districts have a very high population.
Many international riders are set to compete in this race.
Some health workers have been accused of stealing government drugs.
Besigye aired his views in the wrong forum.
I am going to sell this radio.
She is an independent woman.
Why was he taken to the court martial?
Eat well to keep a healthy body.
Men who use violence against their female partners are likely to be using alcohol.
We do not know who the beneficiaries are.
He has a son who studies at that University.
Teachers received two million shillings to better their welfare during the pandemic.
Woman emancipation is everyone's responsibility.
My mother reduced my pocket money because I failed the midterm examinations.
I kept thinking about her yesterday.
What causes people to become lazy?
How do you support women?
They failed to produce evidence before the court that he committed the crime.
It's true that anyone can run unopposed in primaries.
It is not good to take what does not belong to you.
I am glad that you are safe.
Religions are allowed to form associations in Uganda.
The internal unit handles police misconduct internally.
There is an increase in the spread of the virus.
The rehearsals were very successful.
He is one of the most inspiring upcoming artists.
I want some lemons.
The inspector general of government cancelled his transfer letter.
In businesses, it is expected to make losses.
Male partners can attend antenatal care as a way to support pregnant mothers.
He has done this before and he is can do it again.
The health task force is appreciated for its tireless work towards saving lives.
Almost every guest at the dinner party had a car.
Political parties have presented their candidates.
These led to the collapse of the East African Community.
The team scored no goal in the first half of the match.
Restaurants make a lot of money from University students.
Mike Christie is a director of research.
Some of the causes of fire outbreaks still remain unknown in Uganda.
How can such a small man have so much power?
Many people fear to do tests for some killer diseases.
The students are not happy with the university rules.
Women are equally important as men in society.
Violence against women is increasing in Africa.
The government will establish new infrastructures in Arua.
The private sector is small and most rich individuals are beholden to the state.
There is no desire to change the current status of things.
The officials explained that the boy sustained injuries on his face.
May I look at your national identity card, please.
Lack of information leads to low scholarship applications in rural areas.
She was once a leader in school.
He has twenty employees working on his farm.
That organization fights for the rights of the oppressed citizens of this country.
We had a meeting today.
The accurate figure will be got after removing ghosts from the voter's register
The Democratic Republic of Congo is also faced with an Ebola outbreak.
The employees challenged their new supervisor to improve the company's sales.
She sang many educative songs.
Her son insulted her in public.
My uncle is trying to convince me to get married to one of his rich friends.
He said that business is affected if the taxes are a lot.
Religious leaders always appreciate the donations people make.
Young people need support from their parents.
Radio and television deliver to the widest possible audience.
Regional governments receive conditional grants from the government.
The gender gap is still big.
Changes in light are recorded through the use of a high-speed digital video camera.
Doing so means insects like butterflies can feed on flowers or nectar.
Money given to people by politicians should instead be used to improve community services.
By the end of the second half of the game, we had won.
Uganda has very many debts from other countries.
Prayer time is time for God.
Elections for district leaders are yet to start in Tororo District.
As the blade loses its edge, water gets under it and remains on the glass.
Some potholes are so deep that they cause unexpected flat tyres.
On voting day, people turned up in large numbers.
A metal detector is run across the passenger’s body and luggage, searching for explosives.
She made a detailed report on the matter.
Vomiting and bleeding from openings are some of the signs of Ebola.
The education journey continues even after your bachelor's degree.
The cup is so popular.
Many deaths are caused by delays in seeking medical care.
African government spent an estimate of two point two percent of the global military.
Let us call him right now.
Of late, many people have cancer in Uganda.
Relevant government officials had not appointed a new administrator by November twenty-fifth
We had so much fun yesterday.
Motorbikes should carry only one passenger.
We expected to make a loss this year in the business.
Students will not be allowed to register unless they have paid full tuition.
Someone woke me up when I was sleeping.
How is coronavirus spread from one person to another?
The national budget hasn’t been taken to parliament.
There will be prayers.
Most people in my village practise mixed farming.
The rope was made of pieces of colorful wool.
There are many sexual myths that often misguide teenagers.
Today's football match ended without any injuries.
The district lacks finances to carry out road reparation.
The presidential elections took place in January this year.
The bishop informed the congregation to give in generously.
Couples are encouraged to test for certain diseases before getting married.
Farmers need to create associations.
The national corporation charges affordable fees for water connection and consumption.
Some people use various social media platforms to connect with others across the world.
The farmer has already prepared for his losses.
The couple signed the marriage agreement.
He is one of the best footballers in the country.
The public is urged to comply with the set lockdown guidelines.
Some of the late musician's things are missing.
I feel better after taking a nap.
Many schools in rural areas operate under trees.
The pathways were created to allow movement through the crowd.
The accused was granted bail.
Which prison was he taken too?
District officials in West Nile organised a meeting following the ebola outbreak.
I think women should be sensitized on ways they can protect themselves against sexual abuse.
Do not forget to return the library books.
Our politicians take gifts to their constituents.
Some scientists believe that man evolved from animals.
All possible measures are being done at the government level.
Nursery schools train children on how to behave in primary school.
The cable operator will drive the internet of Uganda closer to businesses.
The product registered limited sales because the leaders were not involved.
We have an internal audit this week.
Who was the first man to go to the moon?
Which companies are currently selling shares in Uganda?
Some people believe that coronavirus is here to stay.
In last year's media awards, the best news anchor was a female.
Uganda is in good company.
The bank has cemented its existence in the country.
Ugandans appreciate the efficiency and developments taking place
What is the responsibility of the father in the family?
Misplacement of human waste can lead to diseases.
She cried out in pain when her two-year-old son died.
Farmers are given a platform to ask any agricultural related questions.
The region has only one existing army shop.
Washing hands with soap has generally improved people's hygiene.
I think children should start primary one at five years of age.
The election process was unfair in many parts of the country.
They are greedy for power.
Their family depends entirely on agriculture.
We will vote for those who have worked for us.
Where do you study from?
There are few sugarcane farmers in the country.
You need to take care of your children.
The ruling party won most of the parliamentary seats.
This is the fourth day of lockdown.
My phone was stolen.
He has reached his retirement age but does not want to leave the job.
The two doctors had different opinions on his condition.
The youth livelihood program aims at creating employment for the people.
There is a shortage of pasture for the cattle during the dry season.
The university is researching coronavirus.
The trial has been postponed to next week.
He has been struggling to pay school fees for his children.
The inspectorate of government is in charge of eliminating corruption in public office.
Sex education is an important topic often ignored by parents.
The government chose this land as suitable for the location of the Airfield.
Many schoolgirls are defiled monthly.
Teachers will give extra care to children with these eye effects.
In the past, most blacks were discriminated by whites because of their skin color.
Politicians hold political rallies.
Political parties are launching their manifesto next week.
People asked whether the task force will be effective.
The country has a functioning and state-funded forum of political parties.
I can walk you to your home.
Prevention is better than cure.
Christian based organisations have also rendered support to the district.
The marriage bill needs to be revised.
A few Beni residents were killed last month.
Some people do not know how to write official letters.
The netball match that was scheduled for tomorrow has been postponed because of the pandemic.
Christianity promotes peace and mortality among people in a society.
Many people earn less compared to the work they do.
Our president is a religious man.
The commander in the field is the one who controls the others.
They began fighting and were unable to get anything done.
They always walked to school in a big group.
She promised herself not to trust anyone again.
The aim is to fund the ongoing activities.
The district needs to encourage more medical check-ups in the area.
He tried to avoid a pothole and he knocked a man on a motorcycle.
We arrived from the village yesterday.
The ambulance was handed over to the hospital administration.
The Uganda Super League has reaped from this source only recently.
They have been able to control this pandemic
People have occupied the swampy areas which is a threat to the environment.
Reproductive Health should be taught to adolescents in schools.
Funds were received to start construction.
Some people do not have a source of income.
Traffic officers provide traffic guidelines on the road.
New roads have been constructed in many districts this year.
These incidents show that terrorism is an international security threat.
Other countries are not interested in the war between China and America.
The thief was killed in the morning.
He is known for his good negotiations.
Our grandmother succumbed to coronavirus three months ago.
I admired all the hangings on the walls.
The leaders should inform people about the causes of cancer.
Student associations can be used as savings clubs for members.
A leader was appointed
People may die of malaria if they are not careful.
The disclosure of her coronavirus status cost her the marriage.
All women will be given cows as a way to boost family income.
His house was swept away by the floods.
Most people in his village live in huts.
I last contacted him yesterday evening.
The nurse talks rudely to the patients.
She has pimples on her face.
The villagers gather together and drink brewed millet from the pot.
The accused requested that his medical bills are paid in full.
Why didn't the government tell us in time?
The heavy rain caused the river to flood the entire village.
Many people participated in the previous elections.
Those who spent money wisely on our people should be commended
Every year, thousands of people flock into Uganda illegally.
How many people stay in that house?
A lot of political corruption has been legalized like lobbying.
She has worked for four months without being paid.
Tourism is an adventure in Uganda.
What role is played by the ministry of defence in Uganda?
Credible evidence is needed on the Isimba Dam corruption scandal
He was sentenced to five years in jail for defiling a fifteen-year-old girl.
Many people lose their lives and properties due to wars.
Our sports teacher has been transferred to the neighbouring school.
She started using birth control pills after her first baby.
How much funds were allocated to the agricultural sector this financial year?
There was pressure to start roads construction.
Stop comparing yourself with others.
They were surprised to see the president smiling, and waving his cap.
All Muslim majority countries ban gambling on religious grounds.
How has the pandemic affected the churches?
Proper sensitization of truck drivers is essential in fighting smuggling.
The mansion is the ultimate luxury.
She has not yet submitted her monthly report to the manager.
There is an intermittent power supply in Uganda.
The background shows it was a product of the failure of such politics.
The contractor is charging way more high than what he estimated.
Border security should be tightened to fight smuggling.
Violence and riggings are common in elections.
The public follows up information availed by the media.
Doctors have taken long without getting paid.
He showed me his brand new car.
The commander explained that the army is concerned about peace and order.
Can police sparkle chaos?
What is the role of the Deputy Lord Mayor?
A speech on the status of the Health Sector.
The doctor needs a medical student to help him at the hospital.
The government gave posho and beans to people during the first lockdown in two thousand twenty.
The United States of America has several democratic values.
The values assessment helps people understand the art of natural interactions.
The children have been misunderstood.
He wished her a good night.
The school has raised one hundred fifty million Ugandan shillings for a new bus.
That country is one of the most prosperous countries in the world.
The third wave of coronavirus may arise in the country if precautionary measures are not taken.
Babies bring honour to the family.
Coronavirus has no cure or vaccine of late.
The employees appreciated his good leadership.
This will raise the productivity of farmers.
The team captain is in quarantine because he tested positive for coronavirus.
Leaders are not happy with the way people are opposing their salary proposal.
This island borders Kenya and Uganda.
Every year the government gives a huge sum of money to political parties.
Cameras are being installed across the country.
This took place on December fourth.
The digital clock on your dashboard is flashing.
The police investigated the theft case.
There are lots of prizes to win during the competition.
Increased connectivity boosted in Uganda.
Senators have proposed legislation to require disclosure of the sponsor of social media advertisements.
Those vaccinated have not been spared.
Are we doing this again?
The football team failed to reach the finals despite all efforts.
Viewing centers are in corners of urban centers
Some people think that we have a lot of money.
Unlike in the past, women's voices matter in society today.
Most men in Uganda like watching football.
Being a hot day they went down to the river to swim.
A number of women are employed and working for different media houses in Uganda.
They are organizing to construct a dormitory for children with disabilities.
All teachers in that school teach at least two subjects.
He has inspired youths to actively engage in politics.
The two best friends have the same surname.
The scent of roasted meat filled the air.
Confisticated items are kept as evidence.
Frontline health workers' salaries should be tripled.
The organisation established speakers to communicate with the people on the ground.
In the past, some children would go to school barefooted.
The court found her guilty of the crime.
We used a table knife to cut the cake.
She holds beautiful memories about her father.
What benefit are army shops to military officers?
Hanging around criminals could bring you trouble.
We should stop discriminating people because of their skin color.
Some of these concerns are also experienced in other parts of the world
Your hands are too soft.
He is the fastest runner in the whole country.
One becomes a patient if they hold symptoms of a certain disease.
The ministry of lands is entrusted to assist in solving land issues.
When my father comes back home late, he eats the food alone.
The venue of the meeting has not been communicated.
Police created different committees to investigate the murder cases.
Constant reminders are a great tactic of mobilisation.
My friend sent his greetings to you.
Some security officials connive with illegal traders to smuggle goods.
Museveni sent the controversial Genetically Modified Organisms Bill back to Parliament twice.
Shut the door to the small office.
The president imposed a lockdown to prevent the further spread of coronavirus.
So many relationships are damaged because of alcohol.
Citizens have a duty to monitor and regulate the operations of the government.
There has been an increase in the number of women who commit crimes.
We have been friends for a long time.
Experts are people that are specialised in what they do.
South Sudan refugees prepared the meals.
Namboole Stadium has a management team for sporting events.
Food in decent restaurants is a bit expensive.
The two political parties were at war with each other.
Many people died during the eviction.
The soldiers asked if there were people in the house.
Medical officers put on gloves and masks to avoid direct contact with infected patients.
Political groups have been registered as political parties, now they are ten.
The kind of friends you have can influence your character.
The country mourned its late president.
Some countries in Africa have come up with their own coronavirus treatment.
Do not turn the car engine off.
Do you know the meaning of your name?
Some masks are made out of clothes.
Schools have employed quality teachers to improve results.
Media and social media platforms have greatly helped in spreading the word of God.
The chairperson of the company will address the farmers on the best farming practices.
Donations usually target the needy people.
Tanzania said they had a lot to deal with at that moment.
The girls were encouraged to create savings accounts while at university.
People are tested first before any disease is confirmed.
The Ministry of Health should follow up with truck drivers.
The innovations have come to benefit diverse communities globally.
It's so noisy outside.
He was fired from four different jobs in just six months.
Some people are not trustworthy.
These assets have given Uganda superior air power compared to Rwanda, Burundi Tanzania, and others.
They saw a swarm of bees in the forest.
It is very hot in Dubai.
During the coronavirus, outbreak doctors and nurses received an increase in their salaries
In addition to infinix, Transsion has succeeded in positioning its two other brands.
Worn-out tyres affect braking.
Moyo district officials were assigned the task of coordinating government projects.
After one bullet, the crowd dispersed.
This new road has eased the transportation of farmers' goods to the market.
Use history to build a functioning multi-party system.
The police will maintain law and order during the elections.
I will give you what you need.
Some unknown people threatened the woman legislator.
He was told to replace all the school property that had been vandalized.
Christians believe that Jesus Christ is the son of God.
People lack the income to go for entertainment activities.
Public hospital doctors are not well paid
There was no positive malaria test today.
Byabakama appears on radios to explain electoral decisions.
Fish farming is the rearing of fish in ponds, tanks and more.
I sat my senior six exams in two thousand eighteen.
The two countries will work together.
More money has been invested in sports activities.
His lawyers were not allowed to see him.
There is another training today for those that missed out.
Some radio discussions highlight the good markets for farmers' produce.
Entebbe airport will be opened in October.
Tyres and brakes are safety wear items that don't need routine maintenance.
The judge said that the court will be closed early today.
The Olympic games are held after a period of four years.
He could not afford to look after his family.
Why should you comment on that?
I must withdraw some money from the bank.
They broke down the old buildings.
He reports about the history of the Ugandan Martyrs.
Uganda has a poor health system.
They are now presumed dead as well.
The four candidates master minded violence at school towards the end of the second term.
It takes hard work and commitment to become a World Champion.
We did not find out what was in the envelope because it was thoroughly sealed.
Locals are engaged to deal with pressing issues such as early pregnancies and early marriage.
The maize husks looked green and fresh.
What do you want me to do?
Food was the major basic need provided to the refugees.
All factories in town were relocated to the industrial area.
My brother loves milking the cows.
The aeroplane shall be landing this night.
Many people have now adopted to mask-wearing.
Don’t keep me waiting, please.
On-campus teacher accommodation is good for student-teacher relations
Accidents are common on that highway road.
I think that whoever is advising the government on this has got it wrong.
Who is a colleague?
The schools in Uganda have been closed since April because of the pandemic.
She is excited about her wedding.
When the match is a draw, no one wins.
A bucket is one of the school requirements in a boarding school.
New football clubs in the league have few supporters compared to old ones.
The government aims at handling emergency cases in the district.
He stayed awake till midnight yesterday.
All children will be immunized free of charge.
Is it true that cancer is incurable?
The lorry will be used to carry out business activities in Arua.
Salary increments often spark off a debate among members of the public
Madi and West Nile dioceses are the largest in the Church of Uganda.
The trauma of the two-decade-long war effects is far from over.
We now have more than one city in Uganda.
Measles cases in the Democratic Republic of Congo this year is more than triple.
The president may impose another lockdown due to an increase in the number of coronavirus cases.
He got a job that he wasn't qualified for through his uncle.
He used the official car for his own personal needs.
What is the problem?
After the meeting, they were advised to write down their views.
An industry analyst told Reuter news agency that cement volumes in Kenya grew by nine percent.
My girlfriend is too shy.
We all clapped for the manager for the good work she has been doing in the restaurant.
He teaches at that university.
Engaging in national politics takes time.
My uncle was sixty six years old when he died.
The priest requested the congregation to contribute money for the new church toilets.
I was scared when I saw the snake.
People are many on water points which limits the quantity they can fetch.
The minister promised more government support to sports development in the country.
Poor leadership and service delivery are evident in the district.
People should be patient with one another in order to be in peace and harmony.
We could offload three hundred tiles yet a house takes three thousand tiles.
Nurses in government hospitals should learn to behave well.
They did not conclude about selling the land.
The constitution was amended.
A business is a separate legal entity from its owners.
We were able to meet at last
The algorithms of social media do not provide such an open opportunity.
He brought for her a cute puppy at home.
The warrant being a legal document, it must be signed and dated.
Smoking is usually harmful to the lungs.
The assessment report was not in favor of the boss.
We needed to collect more data for the research.
Bees make honey.
We were advised to work from home because one of our colleagues tested positive for coronavirus.
The trade sector faces a problem of high costs of producing goods.
We should always be peaceful.
The football game might be canceled because of this heavy rain.
I think one hundred to one was not a very wise deal.
The light source was a blue bulb.
He gave his wife some money to buy food for the house.
East Africa greatly benefits from Lake Victoria economically.
A new ferry was purchased today.
He left his home village at a tender age to play football in the city.
People were educated and they understood the importance of screening and testing.
The contractor followed legal means and procedures.
This is the time when Besigye will finally succeed.
Some prisoners refused to escape.
What is the worst decision you ever made at Clays?
Some politicians do not care about the problems affecting their constituencies.
Moslems believe that God chose the new Kadhi.
A united team has the potential to accomplish a lot.
Roads in Arua will be tarmacked.
Why do those people love their president so much?
Business owners should be aware of their obligation to pay taxes.
Calcium levels increase when heart cells contract and decrease when the cells relax.
Wish I had more details but that’s all they are revealing.
Mosquitoes breed in standing water.
I wonder why the government workers salary has delayed this month.
He ran away from home because of a disagreement with his wife.
Farmers are expected to get high profits from their sales.
A lot of opportunities are available in the business.
My friend uses tractors to carry out commercial farming in the village.
This letter was written by your son.
Chief Executive Officer Jean Michel said the real estate sector and construction continue to grow.
The best performers were rewarded.
If you are not a strong-hearted commander, you cannot move.
Some decisions are made on behalf of others.
Her two cousins went to work as house helps in Dubai.
Staff salaries should be revised.
We do not exactly know who killed the thief.
What are the sources of water?
He is committed to his job.
Vision can be restored if the fault is detected at an early stage.
The money is gathered from the classified budget votes.
Many social media adaptions are the result of the inventiveness of sub-Saharan youth
What is the role of the ministry of finance in Uganda?
She was able to trap her boss into admitting that she was underpaid.
Those are false accusations against him.
Most of the Ugandans are employed by the Agricultural sector.
Everyone must be aware of their surroundings at all times.
People no longer fetch water from the well because of the new borehole.
She opened up a restaurant in town.
Farmer groups will benefit from the donations.
I took most of the pictures with my phone.
They were involved in an accident while returning from the party.
Who placed these logs of wood on the kitchen door?
Most market vendors realize huge profits.
Citizens will be engaged to create a solution for disease control.
The leading council has made changes to its leadership structure.
I did not see him at the burial.
The chairman has not yet given his remarks.
The government should pay its foreign debt.
The government has purchased land to accommodate the landslide victims.
He has not left any money for buying food.
The applicant is one that started legal proceedings.
The children were very grateful to all people that donated food to them.
The school is building a new classroom block.
The ambulance was stolen from the hospital parking yard.
If anything touches media, they complain.
What makes us yawn?
This company opened up a branch in my village.
I am going to run for president," he told her that night
We have been instructed to sanitize anybody who comes into the office.
Details of the results have been revealed.
She erased all the messages that were on her phone.
He wants to establish good governance in the area.
They collect water from iron sheets during the rainy seasons.
There was a heavy deployment of police in different parts of the city.
Every year the University enrols new students.
Arua was declared a city.
The government should put more emphasis on vocational schools
The plant is poisonous and can lead to death if eaten.
The police said that it has arrested twenty people in connection with yesterday's theft.
The tax was subsequently reduced to fifteen percent.
The residents are being forced out of their homes.
The youths are the leaders of tomorrow.
He is a talented basket ballplayer.
Most of the hymns I know are in English.
Roads have been handed over for construction.
The vice-chairperson chaired the meeting.
Did you do business with that gentleman?
The locals refused to vacate the area because it is their ancestral village.
Ugandans should be sensitized on how they can help reduce corruption in hospitals.
Digital learning will help students to study away from school.
There will be a daily release of coronavirus results by the Ministry of Health.
He has experience in the banking sector.
What do you want me to buy for you on your birthday?
The process of getting an identification card has been simplified.
Most people do not work on Sundays.
He turns immediately to answer my questions.
A national supplementary budget is passed by parliament.
Police vehicles help them in deployment.
Some of the employees have agreed to work together on the new project.
Mbarara was escorted by his spouses and children to campaign meetings.
Heavy rains made the river overflow.
He has very good handwriting.
He is involved in multiple projects.
The ruling party is ready to compete in the upcoming elections.
National parks protect places of natural beauty.
The quality of our products remains our guiding principle.
The weather outside is cool.
The boy is deaf.
Payroll is the list of employees who get paid by the company.
He tried to restart the car but it failed.
The doctors did everything, but they were unable to rescue him.
Any amount of money given up for support is taken as a contribution.
Violence is as a result of ethnic differences.
Businesses experience losses.
The area was on high-security alert.
Some locals have set up savings groups within themselves because banks are far.
How are the points calculated in this game?
There are many criminals at fishing sites.
People are being sensitized about animal health.
People need to be sensitized on land rights to avoid land violence
Most of the students who sat for the examinations were from public schools.
How many students drop out due to lack of school fees?
They discovered that the fire started because the candle fell on the bed.
Failure to comply with a court order is an offense.
He decorated the place with balloons.
China has been under total lockdown for a year.
How often do you go to church?
The government hires people to work on its behalf.
That organization has donated a lot of money to support the less privileged during the pandemic.
Many African countries are poor hence heavily dependent on Western financial assistance.
Officials in Arua desire for the return of rhinos in Ajai game reserve.
Leaders disappointed their voters.
The Ministry of Health provides health services to the people in rural areas through health centers.
The government has embarked on relieving the economy by opening some sectors.
I thought I would never see you again.
It is the main national cup competition in football.
The thieves were sentenced to death.
His uncle was involved in a car accident.
The teachers should be able to work under minimum supervision.
Some of the ladies supported the law.
That country has pledged to support our new president in his service.
The bishop informed people to plan for their finances and their families properly.
The family of a man who died after jumping from the lorry are speechless.
The leader was buried that very evening by community members.
The death of the deceased occurred in the morning hours.
The organization has injected huge sums of money in the purchase of tablets.
What is the use of ventilators in a house?
My father went to the village.
The king has chosen his eldest son to be his heir.
Prices don't easily go down after rising.
Where is your headteacher's office?
The early missionaries spread Christianity in Uganda.
How is a typical rural setting like?
The roads connecting those areas are full of pole holes.
The organization will donate more tablets to more schools.
I have been relieved.
The lawmakers have been asked to prioritize matters of the youth.
About four more people have joined isolation.
The district education officer informed primary schools not to promote poorly performing pupils.
The ship's cruise on the Atlantic Ocean lasted for three months.
On October twenty-eighth, two thousand at a little known restaurant in Kampala.
University research projects have been funded by the government.
Sometimes the police behave in a very brutal way.
May I have your attention, please?
Waterfalls attract tourists.
They received treatment from a nearby clinic.
Poor planning of the city can lead to limited space for business.
Online classes are a bit more convenient than physical classes.
To become an engineer, you should have completed four years of engineering practice.
The ministry of health directed all hospitals to restrict the entry of people.
People have been equipped with skills in carpentry and tailoring.
Let us leave the issues of the generals to the generals.
Single mothers play both the role of a mother and father in the lives of their children.
There is a hardware shop in town selling hardware materials at a lower price.
Uganda still has plenty of land for development.
He emphasized that social distancing should be observed.
The number of covid-19 patients has reduced.
The medical department and the people are working together to contain the virus.
No statement of the summary of the two petitions had been prepared
We are running out of time.
Twenty-five per cent of convicted criminals are not criminals.
Some people are discriminated against based on age, race, gender, or disability.
Government money is often embezzled.
During the second wave of coronavirus, Uganda suffered a shortage of oxygen in hospitals.
He has been running his business for ten years now.
There are many trending love songs these days.
The construction of the market has finally started.
Few people turned up for the program registration.
Village elders are called upon to sensitize people to stop this violence.
Indeed, he was a man of people and a good person.
The other children were not interested in the chess game.
Some television shows are educative.
They criticized the abrupt lockdown that kept them at home.
He is one of the richest golfers in the world.
The president encouraged us to work towards a common goal.
We hope the unity government will be formed by the end of February.
The leader was falsely accused of rape.
My father sells meat in the market.
The ministry wishes Ugandans a happy Easter holiday
Her twin brothers do not resemble each other.
She lied to us that her parents are whites.
The ministry should reduce registration fees so that more students can sit exams
This is according to a report published in the journal.
Another form of conflict resolution which is mediation is being explored.
People should uphold the ethics of public administration.
I thank you for being part of us this year.
Museveni was then in his thirteenth year in power having taken over Uganda.
There are demonstrations of different farming practices tomorrow.
They need to observe the sabbath day.
Those solar panels are big.
The religious leader is in the country for four days.
She misuses her money on unnecessary things because she doesn't have a budget.
He works as a cook at our school.
They got the biggest sponsorship deal in East Africa.
He suggests that the new team should come from different backgrounds for diversity.
Sewerage management assists in preventing diseases.
He was knocked by a speeding car.
Girls have performed better than boys this year.
No street vendors are allowed to do their business on the roadside.
He comes from the Northern part of Uganda.
The country has invested in various sectors to eradicate poverty.
Do our leaders ever listen to our opinions?
Football academies give footballers basic knowledge in sports entertainment.
Some schools may not open for the new term.
The recruitment of a new employee will take some time.
She got polio when she was young.
If not, a nozzle may be plugged with dirt.
Some parents mistreat their children.
My mother eats spinach leaves.
Prominent people in our country have succumbed to that deadly disease.
The supervisor has to approve the Ph.D. research.
People who do not exercise are lazier than those who do.
He informed the riders to observe traffic laws.
The celebrations will take place in February.
The communications company should allow us to operate freely.
Some traders are taking advantage of the corrupt system not to pay their taxes.
Some hotel owners have failed to pay their debts forcing many out of business.
When shopping, one has to ensure that they fit within their budget.
More beds were purchased for the hospital.
You should all work hard to excellence in your academics.
Cotton and threads are some of the materials used in making reusable pads.
All East African presidents had a meeting today.
Farmers have profited from commercial farming.
Actors and artists are now pursuing politics.
Her entire family was very joyful when she won the competitions.
Most of the people went to the village before the lockdown.
Those responsible said that they did nothing wrong.
Demonstration farms have proven to be important for agricultural research.
The taste of wine was awesome.
We packed our bags the night before.
All thieves should be reported to police.
Police arrested people for defying the president's directives.
The priest urged people to promote peace and harmony in their communities.
She was rescued by the patrol police late in the night.
I bought some jack fruit from the market.
How has police implemented the lockdown restrictions?
Agriculture has developed with the introduction of new equipment and dairy processors.
Unaccounted money should be refunded.
What activities are you participating in?
The church founded the only vocational school in the district.
Loans are an important way to start or build a business.
The area is now a forest reserve.
The fish take care of reducing the population of mosquitoes by consuming the larvae.
They qualified for the finals of the league.
The people of Arua have shortages in water for domestic use.
On Sunday toilets are locked and vendors are forced to defecate in the open.
Kampala City Traders Association is a group of different traders operating in Kampala.
Some legislators were against the foundations set up to help women.
The president was not happy with the doctors.
Where is the document that I gave you yesterday?
He spends all his free time reading.
Most of our problems are temporal.
She was knocked down by a motorcycle.
The people in the community were delighted with the government's involvement.
The animals will be vaccinated tomorrow.
Agriculture is mostly practised on land.
After the heavy rains, the arcades in Kampala were flooded with water.
Its journalists have won numerous awards.
More districts will be created in Uganda.
The maize was eaten by the locusts.
There are divisions on the authority of the scripture.
He is having a belly ache.
Children should respect their elders.
Efforts to support refugees are being undertaken.
They pose the umbrella as their group sign.
I went to the salon to cut my hair.
Who is washing your car?
Sometimes the city council delays to collect garbage from the markets.
We will imprison him if he does not change his behavior.
The council approved the appointment of new members.
Most black-skinned people think white-skinned people are rich.
The country has won very many gold medals from the continental boxing championship.
The national budget should always focus on key issues affecting the nationals.
Both teams have promised to do their best.
She is looking forward to getting a new job next month.
All the cattle have been sold from the farm.
How do I get my bank statement printed?
He lost his identity card.
An official illegally took over the land.
Health workers are empowered to provide health services appropriate to all people.
What could cause one to lose their hearing sense?
Trucks are used to bring water to refugee camps.
The taxi park will employ the people of Arua.
These charges range from murder to rape and extortion.
Nepotists only give jobs to those close to them.
Museveni's action of banning sports betting in Uganda was praised.
My young sister is afraid of investing in the farming business.
There are many sports games besides football.
The dates for the final exams have been communicated.
The two-day expo also saw Information Communication Technology players pitch their ideas.
Over four hundred global users have signed up on the mobile application.
When we are young, we are curious about so many things.
Religious leaders play an important role in district politics
Farmers in the rural areas were supplied with poor-quality seeds.
People have been advised to engage in Agricultural activities.
Running is a very good exercise for the body.
Some medical officers succumbed to coronavirus.
My school won the inter-school districts competition.
The main hospital gives free medical examination to rape victims.
The ambassador handed over the cheque to the minister this morning.
Plans are in place to extend power to the border region.
She waited for her husband to come back home.
They did not want to cancel the meeting.
We doubt everything in his report.
The minister said that the letter was not written by him.
She traveled to South Africa with her husband.
The earliest known version of football was called Zumba.
When the war ended, the people were not rewarded.
This bank has come to help farmers in Uganda.
The news reporter was promoted to a news anchor.
Where did you leave my mother?
The leader used her money to fuel ambulances meant for use because of coronavirus.
I can't stand here for so long.
What must be included in this report?
He started his own business when he got fired from his job.
That was a sign that he believes there should be a democracy.
Everything has been included in the report.
The Egyptian competition authority role is contested.
Many people have been killed as well.
The oxygen tanks are all empty.
Religious leaders are having a misunderstanding.
She is very fluent in Swahili.
Their house is not strong enough, it might collapse if it rains heavily.
It is good to grow your talent.
The moment he closed his eyes, tears started rolling.
He did not win the award because he lost in the final match.
Some kingdom officials are not comfortable with the government plan.
The team is recruiting new footballers.
The court ordered the two men to leave the house.
He failed to use his tactics to win the match.
Winning an election in Arua is important.
The refugees have been affected by the coronavirus.
Uganda is gifted with a lot of natural resources.
The defendant's lawyers filed for the court bail.
Advocates legally operate under the law.
I get sad at times by the things people do.
Where can we get a grader that can pull this grader?
Rotary club has often come out to donate to orphanages.
The government has imposed curfew in the country.
Employee leave is only granted when requested.
What is your highest level of education?
Malaria takes lives and affects pregnant women.
The doctor wants to talk to you.
Gaps should be filled when a player is not able to attend the match.
Passion for what you do is one key to success.
Market vendors and news anchors were allowed to work during the lockdown
The number of patients will rise if not handled well.
She wants to join a tertiary institution.
He built an apartment building in a road reserve.
The deceased's relatives chased his children out of the house.
He was sued for child neglect.
The police spoke to the reporters.
The Confederation of African Football has canceled its media and marketing rights agreement.
What is your primary objective?
Besides her parents, no one else knew her right age.
We have other things to do.
I have never cooked millet before.
The police are looking into the conduct of some of its officers.
People should have respect for each other in society.
The project has sponsored girls to study abroad.
Some parents discourage their children from joining the military.
Why should poor countries of the East African Community go into an arms race?
The new districts have to provide all the information required by the funding bodies.
Skilling development helps to improve standards of living.
Farmers made good harvests this year.
Medical facilities are being improved to the standard.
The boys did not perform well.
He failed to deliver on time.
Leaders should go back on the ground and know the challenges their people are facing.
The hall is currently booked.
Why are most men polygamous?
The people of Arua are on alert after an ebola outbreak in Congo.
The deceased was passionate about African music.
How can I apply for the scholarship?
Zimbabwe massively understood how much financial aid it gave to the southern African nation.
The year will be ending in the next three months.
Some people died of hunger during the lockdown.
A tax exemption is only granted to persons engaged in growing crops.
The family of the deceased has announced that the mayor will be buried tomorrow.
The equipment was registered by the chairman.
Hospitals lack resources to treat patients of coronavirus.
I enter a local clothing shop and speak to the woman manager.
My parents named me after my late grandmother.
The sports gala will be held in Gulu.
He was shot dead because he refused to raise his hands.
Antenatal care helps women to prepare for delivery.
She felt free and happy.
A businessman has given some of the properties to his son.
There must be a good reason for him to appear at the police.
Many roads are in poor condition.
The mosque is being renovated.
Communities should be sensitised on the benefits of education.
Councillors need to agree on social policy for their communities
The president can visit anywhere he wants.
Uganda is the largest refugee-hosting country in Africa.
We need to change leadership.
The operation was done by inserting a gene from a jellyfish’s ability to light.
Fans will not be allowed to enter the stadium during the match.
There is a bias against girls education in Africa.
There are so many police officers.
People should be sensitized about the penalties of theft.
Sustainable development goals include an improved health system.
What are the benefits of hiring workers on a contract?
Ugandan laws are not seriously taken into consideration.
The river has washed away the bridge.
Thinking outside the box results into innovation and creativity.
That song has how many verses?
The body generates a lot of heat during cold days.
African governments need to invest in strong disease surveillance systems.
We don't have enough funds, and a lot is pending on this project.
He finished the marathon although he was in the last place.
Child daycare centres should be encouraged at all places of work.
Malaria is on the rise.
Schools in Wakiso and Kampala performed better than those in other districts.
The hospitals lack enough polio vaccines.
They have strong business relationships with the government.
There will be a reconciliation meeting tomorrow at the district headquarters.
That bank is guarded day and night.
What is the role of the National Drug Authority in Uganda?
Who is taking the penalty?
Thieves beat him to death and stole his motorcycle.
Patients can now be cared for closer to their communities.
He showed me a picture of his new girlfriend this morning.
Leaders should fund community projects.
The member of parliament initiated the groups in that region.
Police have arrested all unauthorized electricians in the community.
Is it possible that some people are not talented at all?
The leader said the cost would be very high.
They negotiated for a five percent reduction in the price of the tent.
Health workers have been named heroes for subjecting individuals to handwashing and screening.
The village church held prayers throughout the night for their sick pastor.
Children should keep in school.
We have not received any donations since the year began.
The residents contributed to the construction of the borehole in their village.
She sought advice from her husband about the best phones in the market.
So far, there is an increase in defilement cases this year.
I use the left hand to write.
Some of the youths have joined boxing.
Research shows that the problem lies with police cultures.
Someone, please tell me what this is?
What is your occupation?
The head of the sales department in the organization was replaced by a woman.
Courts handle all sorts of cases that are legally abiding.
Who's buying the biggest guns in East Africa.
District officials permitted the illegal cutting down of trees.
The government of Uganda has availed lots of grants for public schools.
Leaders ought to serve their subordinates.
She is always wearing her necklace.
All academic institutions in Uganda were closed for three months to curb the spread of the virus.
Face-to-face meetings between students and supervisors have enabled progress in the study.
His breath changed suddenly.
The policeman proposed to his girlfriend in front of very many people.
Did you bring the invitation card with you?
My brother is innocent, and it will be proven in courts of law.
Janani Luwum's children are known to have good postings in government
Votes were sold in an open marketplace the way we buy tomatoes and beans.
The presidential advisors are appointed by the president himself.
The hospital has run out of gloves.
It's important for every farmer to understand market prices.
Snakes have poisonous teeth.
Idle resources should actively be put to use.
I have an interest in learning new languages.
Internal conflicts hinder unity and growth.
The educational officer advised them to remain committed despite the challenges they face.
The girl that saved other students from the fire died as a hero.
Farm schools have been set up to support the agricultural sector.
Blood samples are run three times to confirm the coronavirus negative result.
Many heads of state have arrived in the country to take part in the peace talks.
The Uganda Prison service should recruit more security officers.
He can carry a twenty-liter jerrycan of water.
Mazda Three was the women's car of the year two thousand and nineteen.
The closed-circuit television cameras center is for monitoring police too.
The leaders will hold the final meeting about the matter.
The president closed the churches for more sixty days.
These people are unproductive and cannot engage in business activities.
The police is accused of arresting and torturing a suspect.
The tailor gave her the dress to try on.
There shall be an equal distribution of resources in the district.
Fears, tensions, and anger are building up, enhancing peace and quietness.
Under his administration, Uganda Human Rights Commission maintained its standards.
Many men disrespect their wives.
I arranged the books on the shelves.
Street vendors sell their products on the sides.
The door had two holes in it.
Those funds should be followed up so that they are used to achieve the intended objectives.
There was still a heavy presence of soldiers in the town.
He is a very rich man.
How do you show accountability?
The wedding is live on television.
His parents were of the Christian faith.
Uganda is producing more electricity than ever.
Sometimes the government forcefully takes peoples land.
I think it's time for Uganda to experience new political leadership.
He was surprised by the death of his brother.
Which organisations are licensed to carry out legal aid services in Uganda?
These are the recipients of COVID-19 money.
Business managers should be mindful of the cleanliness of their surrounding.
They were unhappy with the new administration.
My parents told me to follow the school rules.
There has been an increase in the crime rate in Uganda.
You should not leave your food exposed.
Ritual sacrifices are satanic.
My father inspired me to become a surgeon.
Women and men have different color choices.
He cannot shift his family because they have nowhere else to go.
The city authority has given vendors a two months grace period to vacate the streets.
Food is prepared under the supervision of the chef.
Religious leaders should love each other.
The school budget was discussed.
The high number of accidents are a result of bad driving
Companies send invoices to each other in case of any transactions between them.
This is the best hotel in town.
She is staying with that man for her children's sake.
The ministry of health has carried out vaccination to control the six killer diseases.
Such a secret targeting tears at the fabric of democracy.
Some government projects can only be successful if publicly embraced.
Malaria kills one million children around the world each year.
Ugandans like travelling a lot.
There is no provision for online voter registration.
Teachers have joined these groups to support their saving and borrowing money.
Most businesses face debts.
His shirt collar edges were dirty.
Most companies promote their employees who are hardworking.
The campaign rallies were violent.
She has to account for the money she was given for shopping.
Her story is one of undying resilience and defiance.
The public is advised to embrace the project.
Hospitals have run out of medicines.
He picked her along the road.
Violence against women should not be tolerated.
Do not cut down the tree that gives you shade.
Teachers are service providers in the education sector.
Arua catholic diocese lost a staunch Christian.
Most women want men with money.
Her father has been supportive during her education.
The soldiers were thanked for their sacrifice.
A man was shot three times in the stomach while on his way to work.
He was advised to acquire refugee status.
Some drivers for public vehicles do not have driving permits.
Most disciplined students succeed.
As a parent, what is the benefit of creating time for your children?
What conditions are available for a municipality to gain a city status?
Girls have a higher school dropout rate compared to the boys.
People should take good care of their cars.
All leaders are equally important.
Many people at these rallies are very happy.
We all have different backgrounds.
Ahmad Ahmad is the new leader.
She has a beautiful bottle.
White is a beautiful colour.
What is the purpose of starting a school?
Uganda is recovering from the second wave of coronavirus.
We had not seen a president like this before.
He has only five thousand shillings in his pocket.
We shall handle this situation and the number of health workers shall increase
The presidential term limits should be restored.
His insights will prove invaluable in any setting.
Give me three reasons why you did not come to school yesterday.
Where do police officers take commands from?
That organization has over two thousand employees worldwide.
He said that during an interview on television.
Improved supply of power will encourage the establishment of industries in the West Nile.
Up and down, the children jumped and played at the bouncing castle.
The pastor's house is under construction.
The year has been full of joy.
Abortion is dangerous.
Which process do you follow to get a work permit?
Do both people work together?
Schools organize music, dance, and drama competitions to appreciate the different cultures in Uganda.
What does it take to become a world champion?
Was it necessary to close schools back in March two thousand twenty?
Police officers from different stations descended on protesting learners.
We do not understand why she killed herself.
It is not legal to return the money we received.
The Sudanese are hopeful people.
Radio Uganda was established by First Brick Holdings.
Many people are educated, but they do not have jobs.
There are many patients battling cancer in the hospitals.
Young people have lost hope in education.
I come from the pearl of Africa
It is human to eat and drink.
He was one of the best known and most respected singers in Uganda.
In Uganda, nobody is above the law.
The parliamentarian was charged with unlawful disappearance from police custody.
The power generation plant will be switched on at night.
He had heard all this over the radio and looked for leaders to register him.
The police official was kind enough to me.
We wrote a statement at the police station after the theft incident.
How many countries are in Africa?
A Super League game always has twelve players.
The old man is mentally unstable.
A video of Rwanda's president in a foul mood emerged.
The public should report wrongdoers to authorities.
The Bishop urged everyone to contribute towards the construction of the new church.
Teaching has always been a passion.
There is a certain book that I want to buy.
Uganda's overall disease prevalence rate has been reduced.
A football team is made of twelve players.
Uganda is a pearl of Africa.
The room was warm.
Government has released forty million shillings to help in controlling the spread of locusts.
Numerous animal species were introduced to support ecological functions with support from Kenya wildlife.
What kind of music do you dance to?
We are preparing lunch.
He appealed to the Supreme Court to be given bail.
We need to take care of the environment.
Maximizing revenue from advertising meant offending as few readers as possible.
We sell most of the food crops from our garden.
Fuel is now expensive for the riders.
Banks should look at the credit history of a person before issuing a loan.
The photographer took a picture of the children while they were on their way to school.
District leaders are worried as many girls are likely to get pregnant.
He tasked the center to produce competent lawyers at the end of the program.
She donated five thousand Ugandan shillings from her savings box to support the orphans.
This eases the struggle to translate the ideal nature of paintings
The governing body for soccer in Africa is the Confederation of African Football.
The contestants have not agreed with the results declared in the elections.
Six generators will increase the power supply up to nearly three megawatts.
She reached the office at eight in the morning.
These days, many farmers in Uganda have adopted commercial farming.
My poultry business made losses during the pandemic.
My son is excellent at reading and writing.
These thieves apply many tricks in stealing people's cars.
What happens if someone is found guilty of a crime?
Gambling prohibitions are driven by concerns about money laundering and gambling addiction.
The dossier was addressed to top army officers.
A new family just moved into the house next to ours.
Everything that took place during the polls has been revealed.
Some politicians do not care about the well-being of their voters.
The district leaders should help in the organisation of cultural institutions.
He felt physical pain in his body after the fall.
Youth and women have generated income from banana growing.
Police protected him from the angry mob.
When is the football season starting?
The parliamentarian will clear the costs on behalf of the people.
The village chairperson did not pass on the information to the people.
Some students attend lectures when they are drunk.
Garbage should be collected daily or burnt.
The Ministry of Health has put in place guidelines for safe mass gatherings.
Many vendors are in sorrow after their property was destroyed during the attack.
The handover will take place in February.
Her brother received a reward from the president for his performance.
Why are you so emotional.
The anti-corruption unit arrested several people.
May you identify yourself, please?
He said there is a need for the firm to identify the actual customer needs
The aim was to educate as many children as possible.
Nurses and midwives save lives.
We save our money throughout the year and can only receive it in December.
He is the top opposition leader in the country.
Arua has been empowered with skills with job creation.
People are at risk of disease outbreaks like malaria.
The parcel was delivered two weeks back.
Church land should not be encroached on.
He sent his son to collect money from the tenants.
District leaders are confident of containing yellow fever because they contained Ebola and cholera.
Income-generating projects are a source of income.
Politicians from the north have been more influential than ever.
The president made a state address on the prevailing pandemic disease.
What is your talent?
They constructed a new bridge.
What type of killers are these?
He respects competitors because they play a good role in changing society.
You can carry the torch to mountain Kilimanjaro.
The government should build a larger and new sports arena.
Many people are starving.
Some taxi drivers in Uganda do not respect traffic guidelines.
The men at these gatherings would exercise some self-control.
He will not be punished for misusing funds.
The police shot the suspect when he pulled out a gun.
Fundraising sessions were held every day after prayers.
I missed today's lunchtime news.
Exemptions on online betting are rarely issued in Singapore and they come with high minimum requirements.
Many people in the city are homeless.
The tour vehicles transport tourists from one place to another.
My father became a born-again Christian after his accident last year.
Rice takes about thirty minutes to cook properly.
The deceased was praised for passionately caring about this nation.
The police have surrounded the village.
The headteacher did not address the students.
A balanced diet is essential for proper child growth.
I have a lot on my mind.
She is too proud to plead for anyone's help.
The president appoints young leaders.
One of the districts broke out of the established union.
It had safety features.
The wars in some African countries are because of dictatorships.
Most men are football fans.
You have to be a good observer to see everything.
The name correlates with modern science innovations.
The cat has poured milk on the carpet.
Girls in refugee camps lack sanitary pads.
The relatives will strive and take their patient to another hospital.
People in the area will acquire employment opportunities.
The clouds appeared when it was threatening to rain.
Did he call you?
We walked for thirty miles to get the medicine.
African countries have challenges in the strategic planning and operation of their surveillance systems.
Health matters should be given priority.
The doctor was suffering from malaria.
An exhibition of some of his work has come to Kampala.
The government is constructing a new power dam on that river.
My mother was promoted to the Chief Executive Officer of the organization.
The road was handed over to a construction contractor.
Kampala City Council vends plots for shillings one hundred thousand.
The training has improved the lives of many young people in our community.
It is to help the development of better quality services.
The presidential election in Burundi was rigged.
He has three wives and twenty children.
They have decided to stay away from work.
I don’t know how to drive.
We have enough information on the topic.
The Uganda Muslim Supreme Council owns some assets.
There has been a reduction in the employees' salary in that company.
My father is the richest man in our town.
Some stolen cars are broken down and sold as spare parts.
Some people get to be compensated before evacuation.
Who pays your salary?
Which book are you reading next?
Youth should take up leadership positions as well.
The government aims at establishing a reliable power supply across Uganda.
You have a right to own property.
He is a professional accountant.
If they lose and refuse to accept defeat, they will look like pretenders.
The main function of the heart is to pump blood throughout the body.
The ambulance arrived very late.
Over fifty people were shot with bullets in the November riots.
That hospital has qualified medical doctors.
The president invited the veterans to come back to Uganda.
Happy Father's Day to all the fathers in the world.
Diseases will continue to exist among people.
After digging the holes, we placed the seeds into the ground.
The commanders were remanded in the army court.
The parents were wondering why their children had performed poorly.
He has stayed here for a year now.
Leaders encourage youths to start small businesses.
The company has allocated more money to increase our salaries.
We have not had electricity for three days now.
The package given by the commission was too small.
Security officers are usually armed.
We should be sensitized about communicable diseases.
She drove the car past the golf club.
They have accomplished various achievements over the years.
I am doing a course at university.
Children's brains are shaped during their first five years therefore, they need nursery schools.
She has a skin rash on her face.
I like being alone.
The staff struck because of unpaid salaries.
Patience is what people need.
He said Hima is doing much better in integrating communities to conserve the environment.
The team blamed the coach for their loss and fired him after the game.
He lost his family during the war.
Opposition party officials are denied time on state-owned media.
Thugs are criminals and are a threat to the community.
He is not fluent in English.
What are the functions of the high court in Uganda?
Those children lost both their parents to coronavirus.
He got a red card during the match.
The government banned the smoking of cigarettes in public places.
Garbage is collected from our homes every week at an agreed fee.
The officials did not trust him.
Gender-based violence is increasing in Uganda.
During the lockdown, it was hard for people to travel back to Uganda.
He was found guilty of defamation.
They need proof of land ownership.
He promised to sue the chairman.
Borders are going to be closed.
I guess they are.
I have never seen that family celebrate their children's birthdays.
The company has been permitted to operate freely.
After a lot of delays, he agreed that they look into the issue.
Some soldiers think that they cannot be arrested for their crimes.
Let me see your creation.
There have been unlimited cases of power outages in West Nile.
If a cat jumps on your lap, it is because your lap is warmer.
There are both government and privately owned universities.
All mothers gathered at the parish.
The Uganda People's Defense Forces is represented in the legislature.
The poem was written by a four-year-old child.
Calls on other networks would be charged at three hundred forty shillings.
I want to buy a horse.
Cassava is one of the foods I enjoy most.
While at the hill, you can easily have a wider view of the surrounding.
The number of people living with the disease has increased and don't access treatment.
They are either cabinet ministers or hold other big government jobs.
Some businesses cannot operate without power supply.
The changes were made based on their skills.
The exhibition was about informing people about the history of Uganda.
The priest belongs to another parish.
We cannot tolerate improper  behaviour
My sister sneaked out of the house to meet her boyfriend without our parents' knowledge.
I have finished my research assignment.
The president warned security forces to stop helping criminals.
Cutting down trees without replacement destroys the environment.
They would pay higher charges per call.
The ministry has established health centres everywhere in the country.
Both balancing and alignment should be done regularly.
The two brothers played football for the school team.
The new governor will serve in his office for the next four years.
Non-government organisations have been forced to participate in containing the virus.
Unemployment rates in Uganda have declined.
Owning small businesses has empowered women and helped them escape poverty.
Some bags are made of leather.
Books and textbooks were destroyed during the rains.
Being a Ugandan businessman attracts enemies
Different protection units were responsible for protecting the president's convoy.
We thank the schools which have joined the fight against the pandemic
The government should increase the salary of local councillors
Let us wait and see what happens
It is the world's largest and fastest-moving measles epidemic.
How can we improve learning in refugee communities?
Communities hosting refugees have benefited from these organizations.
Is the passion poured out in the combination of colors?
All schools in our area received fifty desks from the government last week.
The lawbreakers are under police custody.
The first match of the season will be next Friday.
She gave out some of her clothes to the needy.
What foods don't you eat?
The health conference theme was "Reaching the Last Mile forum".
The Confederation for African Football was hurt by the cancellation of the agreement.
The portrait of his daughter was created from multi-colored glass.
Leaders are bringing change in their districts.
Do not forget the boss wants the field report.
Parents are advised to support their children while in school.
The birthday and Coronation anniversary celebrations of Busoga's Kyabazinga William Gabula Nadiope the fourth.
Opportunities for businesses lead to economic growth.
He traveled to Rwanda to report the story.
Parents had a meeting to discuss their children's performance.
There is stiff competition in the job market today.
The widow takes half of the deceased's property.
My friends are going to come to my place.
Some of the footballers study for free because of their talent.
Most government projects are for the benefit of the public.
The judge adjourned the case to another date.
Cable television came along expanding rapidly in the seventies and eighties.
We cannot all have the same opinion on something.
The Speaker of Parliament has withheld tax charges.
He was found at his home.
The youth wanted to grab a gun from the police officer.
The organization has not improved the roads.
We enjoyed the music festival.
The government should award contracts to local manufacturers to create more local jobs
I think my brother stole my phone and sold it.
The public is well informed about the lifting of the lockdown.
He loved and respected other artists in all ways.
Some district officials mismanage government funds.
What are the benefits of carrying out criminal investigations?
Onduparaka has been able to sustain itself in the Uganda premier league.
The government should establish a specific budget for the people with disabilities.
We reached the end of the road and turned back.
He did the training with a lot of wisdom.
The media council is in the process of sending its team to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Onduparaka should not allow Kampala capital city authority to play their game.
Some agricultural products are exported as well.
The farmer watered his crops during the dry season.
The candidates sat for their final exams after the uplifting of lockdown.
There are allegations of fraud in the district procurement department
The new bridge on River Nile is better than the old one.
They will be dealt with by the police.
The minister of state for water is to meet Uhuru and others to calm tensions.
The table took up most of the space in the room.
There is a new teacher in class.
Which course do you plan to do at the university?
What is the coronavirus test kit made up of?
The guard's gun was stolen.
We are all made in the image of God.
Listen attentively to that song.
On purchase of certain products, clients are given a warranty.
People want to invest in profitable businesses.
Entebbe is the only international airport in Uganda.
The district task force has intercepted all the positive cases in the district.
People were trained to entertain during the festival.
They intend to cover a bigger percentage of schools in the country.
Church leaders should pass on the message of togetherness to prevent violence.
Quarantine yourself in case you have symptoms of coronavirus.
The district leaders should properly plan for the district.
I cannot believe that the person I talked to yesterday is dead.
I heard about the arrests over the news.
Biology teachers also teach sex education in schools.
Alfred Ochwo the United Nations Development Programme Uganda Resident Representative.
The Ministry of Health aims at providing cheap Medicare for people in rural areas.
Overspeeding is one of the causes of road accidents.
Why do truck drivers travel with an extra person in the vehicle?
She gave me some orange juice when I was feeling thirsty.
There are electricity poles that fell during the storm on Sunday.
He got the full details of the story from one of the eyewitnesses.
After schools closed, children engaged in farming, and selling of food.
Her son hugs strangers.
What are the necessities of life?
He organized an abrupt birthday party to surprise his young sister.
I wish you a safe journey.
The Ethiopian airline is the largest airline in Africa.
Many youths are venturing into agriculture.
Many people have lost their lives due to mob justice.
You need to drink a lot of water.
Vote rigging should be condemned in the community.
Many people were left jobless during the pandemic.
That man was a famous comedian back in the day.
Traditional Banking services are still considered the safest way to keep money today.
Many farmers lost their crops in the flood.
The speaker of Parliament Rebecca Kadaga was seen on President Museveni's ranch in Kisozi.
We toured some of the old buildings in the country.
Lagardere will not lose the contract easily.
What skills were required for the job?
The funds have taken long to be released.
The breadwinner has a supportive family.
The speaker of parliament advised all leaders to be exemplary.
The school management held a meeting to discuss the situation.
There is a device which analyzes the quality level of milk.
A standard football game is ninety minutes long.
How can one steal church money?
People should be informed about the significance of the budget in the country.
Adjumani district officials interdicted charcoal trade in a move to protect forests.
Water reservoirs have been established in the area.
Few people on the street and for once it looks clean.
That committee will work hard to support the locals.
All ambassadors to Uganda met with the president at the statehouse.
The digital satellite television space across the continent broadcasts sports events of African clubs
When you work together, you achieve a lot.
The pictures show the pain women go through during armed conflicts.
The police searched everywhere in the country but could not find our daughter.
Where are you going to get that much money?
Elly Karuhanga is the new chairman of the Private Sector Foundation Uganda.
Uganda Airlines has resumed its operations.
Children should be guided on the road.
Today is my friend's birthday.
The stadium was neglected.
He declared to stand for the presidency.
Who has brought this metal here?
There are very many Democratic Republic Congolese who have come to Uganda as refugees.
Some analysts say regional leaders are building their armies and firepower for armed clashes.
He said his party is strong and can win the election.
The Ministry of Health has tried to control the spread of coronavirus in Uganda.
Bees improve pollination of garden crops and flowers.
Most solar systems are no longer functional.
The final judgement was reached in today's court session.
Repairing the roads eases the movement of vehicles and reduces the occurrence of accidents.
I can play netball, volleyball and table tennis.
He academically excelled in school.
He had a meeting with the people he expected to give the contracts.
The country has a history of discrimination and violence.
What is the purpose of farmers' cooperatives?
Poor quality poles can easily fall during stormy rains.
On November tenth, two alleged Ugandan smugglers of tobacco into Rwanda were shot dead.
Local business people, politicians, and business entities fund the party.
The case is still being investigated.
You look tired, you need to rest.
The mayor urged the youth to develop their talents.
Money is so scarce, especially during this pandemic season.
Individuals should upgrade personal status from supporter to voter.
People were very happy when the criminals were arrested.
The late mayor will be buried tomorrow.
The pandemic led to the suspension of all court proceedings.
Other people funded the war.
They sang the national anthem before the game began.
Village elders urged the farmers not to plant the seeds.
The people have accused their leaders of embezzling the relief funds meant to help them through the pandemic.
He is dressed in a white shirt.
Tourists can visit the park any time throughout the year.
She came from a humble background.
Being resettled in Bunambutye was unacceptable due to the harsh climatic conditions.
What activities are involved in taking care of crops?
Only the first three competitors received awards.
Companies should encourage their workers to carry out regular health checkups.
Albania passed a similar law to Uganda in October two thousand eighteen.
Government gazettes land for forest growing.
Their mathematics teacher was replaced yesterday by the new teacher.
The Minister of Finance and Economic planning of Sudan is Ibrahim Elbadawi.
The catholic church has been in service for centuries.
Both my teammates won their competitions.
A plaintiff is a person who brings a case against another in a court law.
Most of the required bricks were laid by the Christians.
The country's economic sector has greatly improved.
We are collecting funds to renovate the church.
People should exploit their talents.
The meeting was postponed to Monday.
Young girls between the age of fourteen and eighteen years must be in school.
Coronavirus deaths are increasing in Uganda.
The Ministry of Health has provided drugs to people affected by the Ebola virus.
All members are called upon to be very active in group activities.
The burning tropical forests accounted for the disproportionate share of the world's diversity.
The parliamentarian was charged and tried in Arua.
First, I make sure I have a team to compete on Saturday.
People with disabilities must be treated equally as others.
Methane needs to be treated with a process called biogas upgrading.
The police refused to listen to the prisoners.
The two quarries, Musando said are open to the public as nature parks.
Your father is always smart.
Arua hosts a large number of employees from South Sudan.
She criticized her employees for making big decisions without informing her.
There will be no school tomorrow because it is a public holiday.
Corrupt officers have been suspended.
Power has gone off in our region.
Anthrax is quite challenging to control.
The sheep have been running around my compound.
The protected places are limited to the public.
Religion teaches us how to behave in society.
He will break down the news further.
The government used the loan to construct the school in our town council.
I asked what he told them as the story sounded suspicious.
In sub-Saharan Africa, several countries have been grappling with similar regulatory challenges.
Crop rotation increases plant yields.
The police are enforcing the laws.
The bride should be mindful of her wedding dress.
Some residents provided land on which the project will be established.
What are the conditions of joining a university in Uganda?
The head of the state summit was suggested.
World Health Organization is responsible for international public health.
I watched the reading of the budget live on the television.
She resigned from her job because she wants to start a bakery.
We should prevent children from eating dirty food.
The teacher said that the pupils got used to having class without food.
The Chinese government renovated the president's house for free.
The airwaves weren't subject to balance requirements set by the Federal Communication Commission's rules.
I will never get involved in the military or political work again.
A house is the dream of almost every adult Ugandan.
Does it matter anyway?
I think it is better for a marriage counselor to be married.
Over-staying in leadership is not good.
The words of encouragement stirred up her spirit.
What are the structures of government?
How has the prevalence of coronavirus affected the education sector?
The jerrycan was leaking.
Using mobile money to buy and sell goods has increased in the first half of this year.
Passengers were left stranded.
In primaries, you expect to win or lose.
Less than two hundred students turn up for school in the third term.
He has entered the house.
The president told us to report such men to local authorities.
The Ugandan music industry has a variety of music styles.
Who is supposed to sweep the classroom today?
The construction will be complete the following year in February.
The police beat the suspects.
Trade between these countries is being promoted by their leaders.
We need new directives to assist in preventing the spread of coronavirus.
I am very good at swimming.
She started staying with her uncle when her mother died.
Uganda received a thermoscanner that will be positioned at the airport.
We used some of the money to pay the caterer at our wedding.
Five years in jail and a fifty thousand shillings fine for first-time offenders
They decided to build a hospital instead of a school.
My sister washes the dishes every after a meal.
Hundreds of wild birds were found dead on the shores of Lake Victoria.
The students are under eighteen years of age.
They attended a church service in Boston.
Women lose some blood after giving birth.
I don’t know what you are after.
The cameras will monitor accidents and crimes.
Her brother died in a motorcycle accident two years ago.
When is a penalty offered during the football match?
Would you mind if I closed the window?
Green is my favourite colour.
Farmers are more in rural areas than in the towns.
Some farmers export their farm produce to countries like Kenya.
Early marriages have brought about teenage pregnancies.
Most men these days are running away from family responsibilities.
He belongs to a very prayerful family.
He explained that the government drafted a paper to carry out the feasibility study.
The journey was thirty kilometers long.
Have you tried talking to your father?
The documents were handed in as requested.
Polygamy is when a man has more than one wife at the same time.
Our father started a family business and we work together.
What is the capital city of Tanzania?
I cannot wear this dress because the zip is broken.
The number of people who have tested positive for tuberculosis is scaring.
The man is wondering where I have gone.
The impact has long-term effects.
The bridge is from Kayunga to Kamuli.
Eight female students are graduating today.
My sister isn't pregnant due to infertility.
It's good to boost children's talents right from childhood.
Scientists have contributed to the World's technological advancement.
You should go for counselling.
The police fired bullets to scare the rioters.
The bride was wearing a silver necklace.
He attacked him with a spear.
The friend had also been a victim of domestic violence.
How many presidential candidates were nominated?
The optician tested his eyesight.
Lawyers have continued to misuse their profession.
Many people have doubts about the results of the parliamentary elections.
There are few female engineers in the country.
Some of the diseased leaves have dried up.
It is normal for people to disagree about something.
Some parents are illiterate.
People wanted to be present at the nomination of the president.
She sold most of her property when she was relocating to the village.
In some countries, abortion is illegal.
They needed financial support to run the project.
When are you finishing your exams?
The discussion that started well ended in an argument.
People with disabilities acquired income from welding, tailoring and hairdressing.
Support from the technical and financial team is appreciated by the Ministry of Health.
Other security measures include metal detectors at entrance points to detect bombs.
Sarah Ngororana described working on the milestone issue as an honor.
Most of this money is stolen by public officials.
The ushers will ensure that the guests are properly spaced.
To make a barkcloth, the inner bark of a fig tree is beaten until it is soft.
There are social justice groups, along with several other human rights organizations.
Republican members of the Senate still try to extract a commitment to not reinstate.
Go and play with your friends.
Besigye is aware of the euphoria, excitement, and hope with which Ugandans received.
Hima is doing alternative fuels as the plant runs largely on environmentally friendly fuel.
English was one of the poorly done subjects.
Money should always be set aside to help women.
Farmers should embrace better farming methods.
The government decreased the number of provisions for the refugees.
They have hired a private investigator to find out the truth behind the robbery.
Drivers should be mindful of other road users.
The government usually sends out money to local councils to pay their workers
The Speaker presides over the legislature.
The family wants its land back.
The family has served in various positions in the army.
The people in her village say she has contributed a lot to empower women.
The court has a right to rule over the action that needs to be done.
He will be taken to court tomorrow.
Poultry business can be carried out on a small piece of land.
Due to the prevalence of coronavirus, funds have been invested in buying vaccines.
Coronavirus was common among older people than the youth.
The government has gazetted game parks and reserves to protect and keep wild animals.
The officials do take their work seriously.
The city abattoir will be opened tomorrow.
He showed how the organization had progressed over the last decade.
Journalists have been disbanded from the district meetings.
Women call for fair press coverage.
It is not good to imitate people.
The Archbishop celebrated the Eucharistic mass in Moyo Catholic parish.
Enough time will be given to people in a private space to help prevent suicide.
Donations should serve the required purpose.
He concentrates so much on computer games.
What can government do to fight cybercrime?
Security guards were employed to protect us
Robert Kyagulanyi and his supporters on November twenty-sixth in Kamwokya celebrated his award.
The construction of a dam on Murchison Falls has been put on hold.
The phone number is registered in my names.
Steep slopes have poor soils that are prone to erosion.
Many people say that I resemble my father.
The government should construct a dam to control the high levels of water.
The leader said he was still planning to return the money.
I have a young girl at home but she should be in school.
He passed the ball to his opponent who scored the winning goal.
She comes from a musical family.
Church leaders have met the minister to talk about the reopening.
The lockdown was only lifted on public transport according to today's address.
Every organisation has a specific area of operation.
Mbarora's entire family did not have a registered voter.
Speak words of hope and be kind to others.
There is another senior leadership retreat in the health sector.
The government should support individuals that are good at sports.
How will these changes at the national and local levels be used in fighting terrorism?
Who is the minister of finance?
She asked for a dead year from school because her mother had died.
We knocked at the door but no one opened it.
The national football team has received ten billion Ugandan shillings from the government.
He told them the story.
A swimmer was disqualified from the race for how their swimsuit fitted their bodies.
What are you planning to do after retirement?
She didn’t respond to my question.
Employers should compensate their employees before terminating their contracts.
Are you wearing shorts?
Think twice before you join any anti-government protests.
Fish farming is an upcoming popular business.
Opposition leaders claim that some foreigners voted.
At the end of the project, we had to account for all the money.
Some schools did not offer online classes during the second lockdown.
I want to dance with you.
She fell off the swing.
The person that you are talking to is asleep.
Food is very expensive these days.
Kenya has rejected some of Uganda's exports.
His father deals in second hand items.
Government has decided to support farmers in the northern part of Uganda.
The behavior of the police is being questioned.
Most electronics shops in the city are owned by Indians.
The value of pluralism involves recognizing that different cultures see nature in different ways.
Most drivers did not go to driving school.
He officially handed over to Elly Karuhanga.
put in place ways to recycle the hazardous material from digital devices once dumped
Old people have a stronger belief in traditional culture than the young.
The vaccine-preventable disease surveillance simplifies the immunization process.
The bridge across the river was destroyed by the heavy rains.
He was compensated with one hundred eighty three billion Ugandan shillings for loss of business.
Participants said they have already decided whom to vote.
His daughter dropped out of school and joined the national netball team.
The officials did a very wonderful job.
Police should report and respond to gender-based violence once reached out.
People with health complications were not supposed to join the cause.
His body resisted the medication.
Majority of the people use their right hand to write
Many girls are dropping out of school due to the pandemic.
The body was taken to the office of an insurance company.
She has a debt of ten thousand to pay back in two days.
He challenged his friends in the discussion.
There is mismanagement of government property by some officials.
He took a break from acting.
Resources like minerals if exploited, can lead to economic development.
So many students buy books from his shop because he gives them sweets.
I think we have chosen the right person to lead the football team.
The system has helped to increase production in the industry.
He travels to different countries every year.
It takes time to build confidence when you are learning a new skill.
Our road trip was the best!
There is an outbreak of maize destroying pest in that district.
People are now going to court for any legal issues that may arise
Some people believe that the land is being sold to foreign investors.
He met his real parents when he was sixteen years old.
She finished the race within forty seconds.
No one is allowed to move after seven o'clock in the evening.
I was asked to present my bank statement to the embassy.
There were complaints around the town about the bad roads.
Our school won the football tournament.
Our house was one of those that were destroyed in the landslide.
Government has been in land wrangles for a long time.
Some challenges require quick fixing.
The algorithms keep users online for as long as possible, maximizing ad sales.
Some members have worked hard to tear apart this party apart.
That school was built out of my parents' efforts.
My friends just need to alert me and I switch to their preferred line.
The meeting could not be held.
The birds have eaten all the maize cobs in that woman's garden.
We have to accept to work with others willingly.
He did not give details about the robbery.
Due to poor ruling, the magistrate was shot and this caused panic.
How many acres do you have?
Muslims are forming associations to help the needy.
Clubs signed new players to improve on the weak areas come next season.
The village assemblies have a responsibility of connecting and uniting the people.
I am going to pick my friend from the airport.
Some defilement cases are not reported.
You need to work together as a team.
Farmers use swamps for agricultural activities like vegetable cultivation.
People in West Nile engage in agricultural activities.
Muhoozi joined the military with many of his close friends and associates.
The arrested officials were released yesterday.
The power plant was established to develop industrialization in that area.
The gun which the robbers used was stolen from the prison warden.
There are nice drawings at the art gallery.
Countries agreed to carry out mass immunization campaigns.
She cut banana leaves to cover the food.
The floods have destroyed people's property.
He studied music while at university.
She is the officer in charge of that police post.
His father gives him pocket money so that he can buy eats while at school.
The anniversary of Onduparaka football club will be presided over by the President.
Some students fail exams because of poor teaching methods.
Submit your abstract for the national health Promotion conference.
I know him, his wife, and their children.
My mother looked at me suspiciously when she found me in the kitchen.
The leaders are looking for a solution to the recent conflicts in the community.
The people died from the smoke fire.
The reporter will give us more information.
They didn't have enough time to campaign.
We didn't register for the event.
All projects were closely monitored.
Most people in rural areas save their money using small wooden boxes.
He is going to be one of the best footballers in the country.
The government tries to educate its people on the various diseases in the country
Car engines usually are most efficient at low revolutions per minute.
The bride has to endure a series of trials.
The broadcasters included SuperSport, the South Africa-based Pan-Africa television group.
Today, he runs a campaign purely on public policy issues.
The Ministry of Health provided a phone number to acquire information about yellow fever.
They saw mountain gorillas at the zoo.
The government will provide farmers with drought-resistant crops.
Children are given small roles and responsibilities as they grow up.
There is a shortage of land for settlement in Kampala city.
Most of the roads have potholes.
Coach manages the team.
Parents financially contributed to the construction of the school chapel.
We have lost many talented artists over the years.
She passed the ball to her teammate who scored the winning goal.
The biggest challenge was low output especially of Mangalore tiles.
Bosses need to keep a good relationship with their workers.
In poor countries, money gains greater significance because the electorate is ethnically diverse.
The voter turnout has increased greatly this year.
We tied a rope in the cow's neck.
Dedicated people are most likely to get what they want.
The Mayor has donated fifty bags of cement for the construction of the hospital.
Violent free elections are possible.
Every farmer can be able to test their own milk for marketing purposes.
Sports activities were suspended for three months because of the pandemic.
Farmers need help to reach certain markets.
Sometimes I imagine what my future husband will look like.
Respondents were asked about the purpose of the bribe.
It was a national conference.
Some of the Non-Governmental Organizations receive funds from international organizations.
The inspectorate of government in Uganda initiates investigations concerning public resources.
Uganda has created a strong partnership with her neighbors.
What is the hospital visiting hours?
How can we introduce modern farming to farmers?
Many families are settling land disputes.
The school matron woke up all students and told them to prepare for classes.
The education sector requires funding to grow.
Hima cement launches RapidSet Cement New app.
The rebels have attacked that village several times.
Most butchers have their own customers to whom they sell their meat.
The ministry will provide us with the means of transport.
The law enforcers paid a deaf ear to their requests.
The local people are optimistic about hosting the refugee communities.
What is the role of the ministry of education and sports?
A number of vehicles were held up in traffic jam.
Taxpayers' records should be kept safely for future reference.
He asked me to stay.
She accused her sister of stealing her dress.
They said that he was innovative, creative, and kind.
Customers should be protected from unreasonable price hikes.
Do not take your life for granted.
My son was shocked to death by electricity.
Protection measures should be taken to prevent diseases.
The district engineer promised the availability of water in all areas by next year.
Meat can be preserved by smoking.
Christians preach about the good news of Jesus Christ.
The presidents of the Political Parties discussed the matter.
The hospital lacks equipment for transporting blood samples.
He had to repeat primary five after performing poorly in the final exams.
All patients were taken to the health centre.
Cassava flour is good for porridge.
The government appointed this committee to assist the landslide victims.
They do not speak on radio, television or write in newspapers.
The youths are energetic.
So I did and he was arrested.
My cow gave birth today.
The pastor asked for support for the widows and orphans he takes care of.
Come closer and I tell you something.
By working together we can defeat the terrorists.
There is an increase in engineering education at higher institutions of learning.
Some people are peaceful and loving.
They scored more goals in the second half of the game.
Children in schools  have been vaccinated against Measles-Rubella and Polio
He told the journalists that he had been falsely accused of murder.
Violence happens in homes, schools, workplaces, and communities.
News reporters arrived while the building was still on fire.
The two leaders had their personal misunderstandings.
The match was shifted to another stadium because the fans were more than we expected.
Change of regime affects the outgoing leaders as most go into exile
He married his wife twenty six years ago.
The government is doing its best to fight corruption
The officer gave us good instructions at the beginning of the training.
She did not have the political party's support in the elections.
Construction is an expensive sector hence quality assurance is paramount
It is reliable and can assess the quality of all milk products.
The best structure will adopt based on international market variations and car availability.
What should teachers do to improve students general performance?
Ethiopian Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed checks out model tanks.
Arua city hosts many non-government projects.
New policies should be established.
Regrets are unnecessary since they are of the past.
The new cement factory will create jobs for many youths in this area.
He was not informed about the cancellation of the meeting.
She was sentenced to death.
We scored six goals during the match yesterday.
Reliable electricity must be delivered to the people in Northern Uganda.
The project has insufficient funds.
Projects should focus on implementing new solutions.
The women's group is seeking justice for those who were killed.
Suspects are brought before the court for cross-examination.
Uganda has some Congolese soldiers.
Uganda has talented athletes.
Relevant states were represented by different personnel
If not vaccinated against, chances are, one can easily be infected with the disease.
Did you know that time waits for no man?
Is it true that a person’s spirit cannot die?
Why is male circumcision important?
Which company was contracted to construct the main gate at Makerere University?
I thought you married the other Muslim girl.
The hotel managers promised to organise comedy shows frequently.
The meeting started with the national anthem.
Thank you for helping us to push the car.
The major battle is between two contestants.
What are you saying?
The factors considered included aesthetic appearance, practicality, safety, environmental footprint, and value for money.
She wears expensive jewelry.
The ministry should provide cancer facilities and limit cancer cases in the country.
We have to pay rent, transport, buy lunch yet we are not earning.
There are people that have converted from witchcraft to Christianity.
Cameras have been put in place to reduce the crime rate.
Farmers should not be charged taxes.
The hospital personnel have been equipped with protective equipment to fight off Ebola.
Most universities had their graduation ceremonies earlier this year.
Some banks charge high interest rates on loans.
Children are motivated to work hard.
The project was aimed to improve the standard of living.
This paved the way for the government to legally monitor their communication.
Some students did not submit their documents.
The city status comes with an increase in funding.
That mountain is surrounded by a dense forest.
Others include Range rover, Renault Clio, Tesla model three, Toyota corolla, Volkswagen, and Volvo.
She is a well-known marriage counselor.
Oil was discovered in Uganda fifteen years ago.
We did not plant any food this season.
The chairman led a group of youths who planted trees along the community streets.
Stop encroaching on the wetland.
What tools are required for planting crops?
God is merciful like a mother.
The locals are complaining because they did not receive the compensation promised to them.
They planted trees in the region.
She said that so far they have received one hundred nineteen million shillings from the bank.
He was against the government.
I always greet people in the morning hours.
His death shocked all his friends.
The president of the football federation was given another term in office.
A lot of money was allocated to building schools.
He gave a speech during the celebration.
He was killed by a police officer.
How can I learn the Quran?
He became the king at a young age.
Market people usually use bitter words.
Barkcloth is brown in color.
Some of the refugees are good people.
The sailors turned and headed east following the River Nile to East Africa.
In cases where public safety is concerned, it requires an engineer to be licensed.
Uganda is working on a countrywide railway line to connect markets
The company asked us to take letters from our village chairpersons.
It has been raining these days.
The presidential elections took place on the fourteenth of January two thousand twenty one.
I was stranded when my landlord ordered me to leave his house.
People living with albinism should be treated equally with others.
She got a loan from the bank to pay her children's school fees.
He wrote a song about his childhood.
The laboratory lacks testing equipment.
Parents should always give their children career guidance.
Oryem said the East African Community is on track.
Let us share the profits before closing the business.
There various ways of reaching treatment to patients.
The police are trying to find out what started the fire at the ivory towers.
Silver Mugisha the managing director revealed plans by the National Water and Sewerage Corporation.
An injury affects a player's performance in a football game.
The government should not disclose the identity of coronavirus patients.
Recruitment is only for youth.
Which businesses should we look at as good examples in Uganda?
My brother's car was confiscated by the police because he was driving while drunk.
Spouses should work together.
The foreigner will be arrested for his illegal actions.
Some people demanded a referendum on the issue.
The president has a wonderful vision for the country.
The school will hold a stakeholders meeting to renovate the building.
Where did you find this girl?
They needed to improve the citizen's standards of living.
Eating a balanced diet helps in keeping our bodies healthy.
The cost of living in Kampala is high.
Public gatherings were stopped as a way of preventing the spread of coronavirus.
The president will address us tomorrow.
The minister will be the guest of honour for the day.
Think of a way to change his mind.
He was badly hurt during the fight.
The first annual communications awards were launched last week.
Some schools have a big number of pupils and small classrooms.
I have never been to Kenya.
There was a heavy presence of soldiers in the town.
The women representatives will be increased to four.
Border communities need to be very vigilant during this pandemic.
My contract will officially end on Saturday.
The president said the elderly will be a priority during the distribution of the coronavirus vaccines.
Museveni addressed the conference at Speke Resort Munyonyo.
The cancer institute has done a very wonderful job.
Ibrahim is the father of all believers in religious history.
The hospital is managing the coronavirus patients.
There were many participants in the race.
February is my birth month.
Refugee communities should engage with host communities to build social relationships
Christians are using the pandemic as an excuse of not tithing.
China has accused Zimbabwe of making a "serious mistake".
That will be a way of motivating young children to continue with their studies.
The Sudanese prime minister had previously worked for international organizations.
She visited her auntie yesterday.
Coronavirus has greatly affected the education system of Uganda.
Children should be kept away from the fire while cooking.
She wears high heels while in the newsroom.
Families lack food and clothing.
People must wear masks even while in vehicles.
Through elections, we either vote good or bad people into a position of power.
The government will carry out road reconstruction in Moyo and Obongi.
Many children were immunized this year.
Members interested in becoming candidates should register as soon as possible.
The fuel taxes are too high.
All criminals should be charged in the courts of law.
He was worried that the house might fall on him and his children.
In our area, people are finding it difficult to access life-saving facilities.
More than one thousand businesses and buildings were damaged during the riots.
All schools admitted more students this year.
Fire spreads easily between closely spaced thatched buildings.
The party flags are a sure sign of grassroots party activity.
The president delegates to trusted government officials.
The task force presented their accountability to the government.
The deceased was against the church, so the people refused to attend his burial.
the Uganda Martyrs that were killed were not only from the Buganda region
The government should plan properly for its people.
He said everyone will be regarded as an enemy.
Our family asked the police to investigate my father's mysterious death.
Our organisation contributed a million-dollar towards the fight against corona.
The government has facilitated infrastructural development in Arua.
Dried seeds last longer that's why most customers prefer them.
He has very many responsibilities.
I earn a lot from the fishery.
The coach encouraged me to train harder if I want to win the national marathon.
How is the ministry going to handle the discarding of phone batteries
Investigations about the fake land titles are going on.
She lost the elections in her hometown.
The Lord Mayor appoints a deputy of his choice.
The king sentenced many of his subjects to death for being Christians.
Too much alcohol is bad for your health.
We shall buy snacks from the grocery store.
The party supposed to lead the forum adopts challenging positions.
All the crops in the area dried up due to drought.
People should not use the ambulance for personal interests.
He has been sentenced to ten years in prison for robbery.
When you hate someone, hate them until it hurts.
The scholarship is only for those students with a first-class degree.
The national team footballers should do enough practice.
How best can we prevent motorcycle theft?
It's simply putting China on the upper hand.
Stakeholders should be consulted before plan implementation.
People are poor and they often prefer to fill their bellies for the day.
Mother ironed father's pair of trousers.
Make sure you take the child for immunization.
The government offered to distribute masks to all Ugandans countrywide.
So many animals died last night.
It is unclear why the suspect shot at the policeman.
Do you support the idea of buying a fully furnished house?
In Uganda, a primary student has to sit for Primary Living Examinations in order to join secondary school.
He promised not to touch my bag.
Radio and television stations have aided learning during this pandemic season.
The library has been set up for public use.
Anybody found moving at night will be arrested.
People should follow legal procedures when handling conflicts.
How many players are on a football team?
Many schools are willing to accept students with low grades.
People were denied registration on grounds of being foreigners.
The exercise aims to select students who will be admitted.
Legislators need to know the constitution.
How do you overcome poor hygiene?
Let me even go and wash my cup.
A crowd is a large number of people gathered together in a disorganised way.
The cooperation has disconnected all people who fail to pay their water bills.
The district is faced with misallocation and misappropriation of funds.
They invaded from the eastern side of the country.
He opened his drawer to pick a pen.
Strangers ran past my house last night.
Rehabilitated vegetation at Bamburi Haller Park.
Kashaka's conviction and sentence were jointly upheld with that of Henry Bamutura.
The company donated food and clothes to the home for the disabled.
Which teams were in the Champions League?
It is recommended to maintain a meters distance from one another.
She has a shop that sells charcoal.
Marketing involves the use of persuasive language to convince consumers to buy your products.
Their car ran out of fuel before reaching home.
Elders asserted that the Madi people would not develop if they are disunited.
Smoking tobacco damages the heart.
Family planning should be taught at University as an essential course.
Why are you thanking me?
My teacher thank you for making me a good human being.
Public services should be accessed by everyone
Why is it necessary to carry out investigations?
Both Burundi and Rwanda joined in two thousand seven
We have given the president a full report on the security adjustments.
What is the name of your company?
He lost interest in the race.
What should government do to create jobs for the youth?
That sports tutor trains basketball at our school.
In some hospitals, beds were not enough to accommodate the number of coronavirus patients.
Buganda kingdom is being praised for its participation in raising awareness against sickle cells
Violence or fear of violence may prevent women from negotiating safe sex.
He promised to come back early.
Most children are in babies homes lost their parents.
His parents promised to buy him a phone if he passed his exams.
He encouraged the building of more factories in the entire region.
The federation expects an increase in the number of riders next year.
He said that he is thirty-three years old.
Lack of reproductive health education results in unwanted pregnancies
The journalist wants to understand the whole story.
It is God who chose me to serve him, not the people.
Political parties should have clear governance structures.
The main power installation will be carried out in July.
These measurements are called caster, camber, and toe.
What is your dream job?
The king has encouraged every household to plant at least one tree in their compound.
He resides in that university.
The fence around our home helped reduce the number of intruders.
She uses the little money she earns to feed her children.
Floods destroyed people's homes.
Farmers were equipped with relevant knowledge to conduct activities in a profitable manner.
He was my mathematics teacher in primary school.
Ugandans are testing positive of the global pandemic in West Nile.
Selected women will receive sanitary towels.
I congratulate you on passing the exams.
Smoking is a good method of preserving fish.
Whose land is this?
The enemies have to be fought, even with bullets.
Many people turned up for the music concert last weekend.
One of the best National Parks in Uganda is located in the northeastern region.
The chairman advised us to report all suspected thieves to him.
Good roads improve accessibility to a place and ease transport.
They could not get married due to their religious differences.
The business community counts its losses.
Registration has created fights within and outside the party.
The sandals she left at the doorstep outside were stolen.
We had to shift to this place because my father got a new job here.
There standards that schools should meet to operate successfully.
Most players on the team live in Northern Uganda.
There is a misunderstanding between the refugees and locals over the forest resources.
Are all diseases immunizable?
The market has a leadership committee.
The poor attendance of the learners has affected the morale of the teachers.
The police confiscated the machinery used in cutting trees.
The people's standards of living have changed.
The company created a new position in the management department.
He kept saying that his life was such a disaster.
Women and men should have equal opportunities and rights in the community.
The trip to Botswana was tiresome for the team.
The political party did not have a candidate to represent them in the local council one election.
A forum was hosted by Georgetown University's institute at Politics and Public Service.
They sold their land.
There were no Local Council Three elections last year.
Everyone ate four slices of bread while taking tea.
They won the league title with ninety points.
Many girls are sexually harassed.
She performed well in the dancing competition.
The issue has not been resolved yet.
Unlawful actions are punishable by law.
These teachers have been very patient.
Memorial Day is approaching soon.
The full dose for tuberculosis is taken for a long period of time
The national budget will be read today.
They are greedy and selfish people
This has left it at the mercy of the political mood swings of individual leaders.
Mikel Arteta was recruited to win the football league.
People with yellow fever have been thrown into isolation.
What causes traffic jam in the downtown of Kampala city?
The money in her bank account has been reduced.
The company had refused to pay out on a funeral policy claim.
More land has been provided for farmers.
The reality of defending a geographically small country in a hostile environment.
The two doses will effectively prevent a mass outbreak.
Only parts of the law that promote cheating are implemented.
Those taking advantage of the sick have been revealed.
Taxes lead to an increased cost of living.
The mayor of this city has been assassinated.
Properly planned cities attract investors.
She looked so beautiful in her wedding gown.
Most leaders have an immediate assistant that helps them in role execution.
People reduced fuel expenditure.
Contraceptives should be affordable.
What award was given to the best dancers?
Muslims are fighting among themselves because they have factions.
The martyrs were of Anglican and Catholic faith.
She laughed out loud as he tickled her.
Four hundred seventy million dollars is required to boost the surveillance system in ten years.
Only the owners of these places know how much they lost.
She was among the suspects in the fraud case.
I hurt my leg because I was moving in the dark.
How sustainability programs create value?
You will be given a transport refund in case you attend the meeting.
Some retired police officers join rebel groups to make quick money.
The former managing editor of the New Vision newspapers William Pike received the award.
Do you know where the statehouse is found?
He has the entire story of what happened.
The national football team acquired a new head coach ahead of the tournament.
The protest was due to high taxes.
Uganda Airlines has four planes.
Her mother died when she was ten years.
People should seek to know God more.
The member of parliament is constructing latrines for my former school.
Businesses which are not registered should not be allowed to operate.
They asked people to support their business.
Uganda Revenue Authority is under the Ministry of Finance.
Ebola is a killer disease.
Cancer of the cervix is a deadly disease.
They are trying to fight the production of fake products.
The increased demand for oxygen has forced the hospital to seek alternative sources.
She knows how to deal with people and various challenges faced by them.
More training was given to them about the tear gas grenade use.
Many fishermen use bad nets for fishing.
It organizes continent-wide football.
She finds it hard to acknowledge defeat.
Sports federations should have a clear organizational structure.
Reporting a case to the police does not make you a criminal
Some buildings that were built without a plan in Kampala are being demolished.
The law enforcement officers arrested street vendors today in the morning.
There are eleven matches left for the international football league to end.
Women tend to hide their finances from their husbands.
Her favorite sport is basketball.
There is little water in the tank.
Why did you stop?
The government has promised to put in more funds in the education sector.
Foods rich in proteins are good for body growth and are essential in a balanced diet.
I have planted a mango tree in my compound.
He was arrested.
It is a joy to see girls graduating.
This boy likes being dressed in bright-colored clothing.
There are families in Uganda which have only one meal per day.
The runners stopped the race.
What are contagious diseases?
The bus terminal is one of many such projects in Uganda funded by the World Bank's International Development Agency
Security circles fear that the former rebels might be lured into bad activities.
Some people died of anger during the lockdown.
The judge told me to go home.
In twenty seventeen it got thirty Cobra Armored Protected Vehicles from Turkey.
The question is, why do you remain in a system that cheated you?
The police were present to maintain law and order.
Most scholarships for higher learning are offered in government institutions.
My view is that the answer should always be open.
if you want to be healthy drink milk daily.
Sugar-free beer has been able to create a positive perception with the consumers.
He poured cold water into the radiator to cool the engine.
The group leader is calling you.
We have taken long without speaking to each other.
The tight jeans my friend was putting on save her from rape.
Winning a world championship is considered the highest achievement for a player or participant.
They were advised to reconcile.
The leader has managed to swear in three new judges.
Parties have business subsidiaries that generate revenue.
This was an abnormal percentage in competitive democratic elections.
There are seven games left for the interschool netball league to end.
People are venturing into fisheries these days.
Automakers say that the three are based on designing the car around the human being.
She is a registered engineer who has mentored many others in the profession.
Our economy is struggling to revive.
The government invested funds in agricultural inputs.
Although there was progress in the health and education performance was weak.
The district received soap which will help in facilitating hand washing.
Ones' health status is his or her responsibility.
According to analysts, Kagame's tone was a harbinger of doom for the upcoming summit.
The army was in control of the State at that time.
Do you know how to use a computer?
She drank a cold glass of juice because she was thirsty.
There are many rules followed when filing a case against someone in court.
Who are the victims of rape?
A sustainable future can only be realized if people understand the value of pluralism.
Some people do not observe social distancing.
If you perform poorly, you may not be admitted at the University.
To retaliate is to give back.
The private sector wants to understand the implications of such challenges.
Overdrive saves you gas mileage at higher speeds.
It was too late for him to enroll in school.
Older people may be severely affected by virus.
Many people betted on different teams during the championship league.
Their parents couldn't afford to pay school fees for secondary school.
Cotton is one of Uganda's major cash crops that is used to make clothes.
Top taxpayers in the country have been named.
Kojan and his colleagues brought a Congolese inventor.
Uganda failed to qualify for next year's African cup of Nations.
The airport stopped working ten years ago.
The whole city is under attack from the rebels.
These diseased leaves are drying because they are being suppressed by the weeds.
Their school has been selected to represent our region in the national soccer finals.
The officer claimed the shooting was accidental.
Many children know how to read and write.
Some people sleep hungry because they have no food.
Have you watched that movie before?
The white spots on the Maize leaves are as a result of the Fall armyworm.
We must fight coronavirus.
The government should put policy measures to guide the land tenure system.
What kind of penalty is given to murderers?
An attempt to kill yourself is not a solution.
The leaders should make sure that people are equipped with the necessary skills.
Women are free to participate in the politics of the country.
Ice cream has different flavors.
Why is it so difficult to find true love?
They provided recommendations on how to treat the prisoners.
The media captured the whole event.
It requires teamwork for effective coordination.
He still maintains his word despite the allegations against him.
Since the nineteen ninety-six elections, there is an average increase of voters.
The court ruling is legal.
Some people referred to it as something frightening and stupid.
The bank is foreign-owned.
On their base near the border with Rwanda, Eastern Rwanda, Burundian soldiers were hit.
He was given a ten percent interest on his loan.
I went to see the doctor because I was feeling weak.
I owe you an apology.
Which color should I select?
Women should be provided with leadership training opportunities.
Sixteen provinces participated in the competition.
Most employees earn monthly salaries.
That is the player who scored the first goal.
Teams have substitute players that can replace an injured or ill player during the match.
Members have exaggerated hospital issues.
Farmers are encouraged to create diversity in their activities.
He was shot dead.
As long as they achieve their benefits, the national interest could go to hell.
What is the purpose of weeding the garden?
Professor Peter Piot is one of the award judges and directors.
Some border districts are at war.
Banks ask for collateral before offering a loan.
Many pilgrims visit this area to honor the Uganda martyrs.
I have bad news for you.
The poor electrical wiring caused the fire in the building.
You have a right to work.
Teachers do not complete the school curriculum.
The exhibition has seventeen works of Da Vinci.
I have not achieved my goals for the year because of the pandemic.
We are excited to be here.
The parliamentarian is married and has a family.
The training facilities are to boost staff skills.
My grandmother is afraid of heights.
The tap is no longer leaks.
The men were trained on how to use guns.
He was attacked by wild animals.
Ugandan laws are usually not put into action.
My husband knew about the crime but he never said anything about it.
The Virus Research Institute runs the Coronavirus samples.
Most of the companies employ people within the community.
His driving license will expire next week.
The officer didn't reply even when we tried to reach him through text messages.
The two Members of Parliament were arrested over the murder of people in Masaka.
The thunderstruck the tree that was in the compound.
People lose lives every day.
The project will bring partners on board to discuss value addition strategies.
Few districts will benefit at first then the project will go nationwide.
The cassava leaves have yellow stripes at the base.
I boiled the tea from the kettle.
With the current technology, you can now order food online.
The number of health workers is so small compared to the patients.
The youth have been told to be careful while going abroad to work.
This year's Olympic games were held in Japan.
The Ondupakara lost to Vipers during the cup finals.
He is your colleague at work.
They strongly demanded justice.
The country’s recent history renders the notable sign of fear expected.
It's quite rare for someone to be struck by lightning.
The lack of enough golf facilities hinders the development of the sport in Uganda.
It is the taxpayers' obligation to pay taxes every financial year.
The new orange sweet potatoes are very delicious.
There were fights among party members.
The invitation was sent a long time ago but had never been honored.
His phone has a one-year warranty.
The government should create a conducive environment for business activities to take place.
How is woodwork done?
He sang a very beautiful song at my wedding.
The desert locusts ate all the maize in the garden.
There are communities which totally support these marriages.
Taxpayers are usually not comfortable declaring all their earnings.
The school management has set aside twenty million Ugandan shillings to fund the annual sports day.
What do you have to say about this pregnancy?
This restaurant is famous for serving the best chicken in the city.
They claimed to not have received any money.
The religious leader was assassinated.
Traffic officers stay in rain trying to direct cars in order to prevent traffic jam.
The political party is not doing well financially.
Other people fetched water from the lake.
What are some of the challenges faced by refugees in the country?
Children should be provided free breakfast at school.
The two districts have endless fights due to funds distribution.
The hoes are kept in a dry place so that they do not rust.
Have you filled in those forms?
His crops were damaged by the strong wind.
Another court session will be conducted tomorrow.
There is stiff competition among politicians.
Ugandans are dissatisfied about many taking part in the walk leading culprits of corruption.
Very few people showed up to watch the netball game yesterday.
That lady is so attractive.
Be grateful for all you have in life whether big or small.
He has updated the database.
The driver called me by a certain name.
Name the body parts.
There is a lot of talk about the presidential address.
Father is the head of the family.
Some people have successfully achieved their dreams.
He successfully jumped the wide trench.
Further criticism was put on the other presidential candidates.
The court session lasted a whole day.
Besigye said Rukikaire got the highest number of votes.
Teachers are to also benefit from the learning.
The officers were attached to Arua police station.
The law also criminalizes the act of printing and distributing rebellious content.
Legislators write and pass laws.
There will be training on how to do health sensitization using social media.
What happened to your eye?
Local organisations are increasing on the number of handwashing terminals in the area.
There is deforestation in Moyo district.
The chairman had rigged votes.
The security sector was given priority in the current budget.
Coronavirus is a threat to our body's immunity.
Teenage pregnancies make young girls mothers at a very early stage of their life.
Seek out for information regarding health matters.
Some people carry out fishing illegally.
We have thirty-four confirmed cases of the disease from our country.
There are more coronavirus cases in the truck drivers.
It is on special occasions that most artists go for church services.
The sorghum is good and healthy and this will give us better yields.
He has gone to the studio to record a song.
I want to buy land.
She took photographs at the presidential handover ceremony.
What is the normal body temperature?
The continent has the youngest population in the world
We must find ways to empower girls in education.
His money was piled in bundles of a hundred thousand shillings.
We live in Rubaga sub-county.
The pandemic season has affected the global economy.
There is an increase in the number of maternal deaths.
The hospital replaced the old ambulance with the new one.
I inherited this land from my parents.
Prayer transforms people's way of life.
Funds were allocated for consultation purposes.
Construction work will not commence unless all stakeholders are satisfied.
Roads have been constructed in Moyo town.
He will handle them like a father treats a repentant stubborn child.
Any recognisable city must have power.
A good judgment should be fair and unbiased.
He followed the ash along the path until he saw a fire in the distance.
Is there space in the market for rent?
The word racism was not enough under those circumstances.
At school, we eat beans and rice for lunch every Sunday.
What shall the health science laboratory be used for in the University?
A recovery plan is underway.
The president yesterday passed out eighty assistant inspectors of police.
He is showcasing his first solo exhibition.
The minister has called for an emergency meeting.
She made a decision that surprised many people.
At the Olympics, different people participate in the different games.
Farmers need weather advice to help them plan better.
The football lovers encouraged their players during the match.
The project aims at improving the income levels of people through improving agricultural production.
Most mobile agents also serve as bank agents.
New facilities will be established to assist in fighting specific medical problems.
It has sub-rights to transmit the games in the Americas and the Middle East.
Legislators collected different signatures.
People left the venue through various exits.
Tourists always come to visit Uganda.
The education officer welcomed the students back to school.
How do organizations give back to society?
The party's liberation day is celebrated every twenty-sixth of January annually.
Where are the children?
He was born in Cameroon.
What plans do you have for your son's education?
Some people are addicted to cigarette smoking in our community.
The players are irresponsible and greedy.
You are accused of killing off your competitors.
She bought some sweets for the twins.
She explained the situation.
The revenue authority team at the border is very tough.
His assets were confiscated when he failed to pay the loan.
The coach is blamed for the team's poor performance.
He slipped on the wet floor and fell.
The dossier resulted in the court martialing of colonel Besigye.
The Assistant Inspector-General of Police gave his opinion about the situation at hand.
One way to limit vote-buying is to introduce proportional representation.
He greeted me as soon as he reached for the door.
People want to rescue their land from the Church.
My sister loves listening to gospel music because it calms her down.
What are some of the challenges faced by women bosses in different organizations?
All political parties should put the citizens' interests first.
His parents advised other youth to follow the deacons footsteps.
The wind blew off the roof during heavy rains.
There is a fraught diplomatic relationship between Rwanda and Uganda.
The ministry will do countrywide sensitization on Ebola prevention
They believe that they will rise one day.
Christian missionaries converted many people from paganism and Islam into Christianity.
I went to the supermarket to buy milk.
He did not reveal which head of state asked for the summit to be deferred.
There is an increase in mob justice in our town.
A lot of items were sold during the trade show.
How much do you know about hepatitis?
No comments were allowed during the meeting.
Markets need security guards to prevent thieves from stealing peoples merchandise.
Dead bodies have been recovered after the heavy rainfall resulted in strong floods.
We advocate for a corrupt-free world.
The aim of most businesses is to make profits.
National Forest Authority reserves forests in Uganda.
Can someone recover from a mental illness?
People should work with the ruling party instead of opposing it.
Agricultural projects such as piggery have proved to be beneficial to communities.
We need to stop the spread of diseases in crowded areas.
Be very careful when crossing the road.
I sent him a message via his email address.
The district leaders have sensitized people to guard themselves against yellow fever.
Journalists should strictly follow the rules of the Court.
The class monitor has pinned the sweeping Rota.
What is the role of the church?
She was crowned the winner of the international beauty pageant last year.
The president told us to avoid mob justice.
Teenagers should be taught to respect their parents.
The speaker requested all community leaders to stand up.
Some clothes are made from cotton, nylon and silk fabrics.
The government will construct hospitals in the area.
Every Ugandan has something to say about the coronavirus outbreak in Uganda.
I can cause you to be arrested.
They toppled over and later succeed the Idi Amin regime.
I want to start a mobile money business in Kasubi.
I want to learn to read and write in my local language.
Wear a mask to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
Are you pregnant?
There is mismanagement of funds in district financial committees
We need to have clear policies for our business.
She said little children require lots of attention.
The organisation over the weekend distributed relief items to landslide victims.
The market owner told all the vendors to register with him.
The jerrycans are all empty.
You cannot enter certain places without wearing a mask.
Every woman should find some non government organisation to work with.
Tourism is now the fastest growing in Africa.
People love him because of his generous character.
The pope visited Uganda five years ago.
The sword is made of steel.
The hotel manager allowed me to share this room with you.
The carrier will not operate during the rainy seasons in April, May, and November.
Will you help me clean this house tomorrow?
People should be patriotic and enhance the country's development.
Child labour is punishable.
Are you listening to music?
The list of the candidates and the votes they got was pinned up on the school notice board.
Why would a road be blocked?
I thought you would refund my transport.
Many people refuse to have their homes sprayed.
I would like to see your graduation pictures.
He praised his community for being brave.
Rural communities don't have access to clean water.
Eyewitnesses blamed the police for sparking chaos.
The officer sensitized parents on the dangers of learning on an empty stomach.
The ambulances were deployed at the hospital.
It was during the two thousand one elections.
All presidential candidates were given vehicles.
The chairman briefed the leaders on the new city developments.
Gangs often obtain guns illegally from security guards
They have the tallest player in the basketball league.
Both parties put up candidates for this election.
Employees assist in company decision making.
The resident district commissioner confirmed the presence of the head of state.
The prisoners are always brought to court for trials.
He inspired her to take courageous steps in pursuing her career path.
There are deaths and serious injuries caused by police.
The new government will resolve internal conflicts.
Both husband and wife work in the same business.
Do you really need a car?
The number of lawyers is still low.
Ten billion shillings were put aside to handle the resettlement.
Everyone in the audience loved his performance.
The girl child should be protected against sexual abuse.
It is not safe to move into town at night.
Student scholarships should be extensively advertised so that nobody misses out.
Our president moves with cash-stuffed envelopes, which he liberally hands over to people
The village leader has been deployed to ensure the success of the project.
The church is responsible for monitoring tree planting.
Tree planting can be spread to schools through school clubs.
Tension in Great Lakes Region countries mainly; Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
She is usually up-country on official duty.
Various people were arrested after stoning the presidential motorcade.
The chairman did not attend the event.
We enjoyed the entire journey.
Our target is to finish this work before midnight.
Cheptegei is a leading contender for the ten thousand meters gold.
He canceled their wedding.
People are fond of betraying others.
How far will the sedition ruling go to restore confidence among journalists?
A few weeks after the interview, she was called in to start working.
A new committee was elected.
The elections were free and fair.
The nursery school has a variety of swings.
The school banned the bribing of school staff and students.
My son is playing video games with his father.
People should have respect for their lives and those of others.
The government increased taxes on some products.
I work with local council leaders and police to follow up on the criminals.
Children learn many things from Sunday school activities.
Government should come up with a program to engage the youth.
The stadium accommodates fifty thousand people.
Police have delayed releasing a report from investigations on the recent murder cases.
That political party has lost its value.
The companies had stopped issuing sim cards.
The efforts to eradicate malaria are underway headed by the Minister of Health
We were told to dress decently.
The organization ran out of money before some teachers received it.
A new East African Corporation president was elected.
What has befallen our Members of Parliament?
The electoral commission has officially allowed politicians to campaign.
We need a public demonstration of how the coronavirus screening process is done.
What are chronic diseases?
Three people have died of yellow fever in the area.
What happened to the government’s regulation to wear life jackets?.
How many national referral hospitals are in Uganda?
What are some of the challenges that hospitals face?
How many kingdoms are in Uganda?
He was too ashamed to tell everyone the truth.
He has misused his office several times.
I was so upset when I tested positive for coronavirus.
Beekeepers need to be equipped with more skills to grow business.
People are now engaging in agricultural activities.
There was no water on the tap.
The tourists ran through Algeria and Libya and stopped in Egypt to visit the pyramids.
He said that at the end of the outbreak in West Africa.
Some teams are not ready for the upcoming games.
Dams will be built to raise the water levels and create a lake for storing water.
More than ten people participated in the race.
Some families were sent away from their land.
Naturally, people are not the same.
The news will be shown on television later today.
She has withdrawn the harassment case against her boss.
You should learn something new.
What are the benefits of eating groundnuts?
All council meetings have been postponed due to the pandemic.
Bookkeeping is an essential skill in tracking business performance.
Sudan is above twenty percent unemployment rate.
The two boys standing at the class entrance are my brothers.
Vipers club will represent Uganda in the Africa cup competitions.
Our legal team is comprised of five lawyers.
The government should offer leadership in different processes.
He called the journalists for a press conference tomorrow.
The money will be used for coronavirus related issues.
Urbanization puts more pressure on existing water sources and bodies.
Government programs are aimed at benefiting the public.
He read his class notes and passed the examinations.
This man has been to China more than once.
Availability of water enables people to maintain proper hygiene.
Aerolink Uganda to connect Mbarara Business construction Aviation experts.
Why are athletic winners awarded medals?
We have not heard any updates about coronavirus in a while.
New leadership is needed for countries to develop further.
Muni University has organised a students' workshop.
Leaders can be replaced.
Opposition and government should work together in service delivery
Every person must have an architectural plan before they begin to construct.
The project has provided employment opportunities for the people of Arua.
She talks and dreams big.
They confirmed that the ambulances are tax-free.
This is a nice picture.
Who is the woman you came with at home?
They were informed about the workshop.
The children listened to the speaker for a little while but then lost interest.
People within and outside the district moved to his home on hearing his arrival.
All Ugandan vehicles to get new number plates.
Money should be accounted for.
Training opportunities are for the business community to learn how to register their businesses.
She was very unhappy about her academic results.
It almost ran into problems.
Forestry officials have been accused of being corrupt.
There are many successful young farmers these days.
Regular antenatal visits are essential for expectant mothers.
People cut down trees to get timber for sale.
Which football team do you support?
The team has a lot of work to do if they plan on winning the game.
One of his arms was cut off.
Some students dodge classroom lessons.
When a building is marked, it's an indication that it's to be demolished.
She quit her job last year.
They welcomed me very well to their house.
Private organizations should come out and support orphanages.
When you reach your retirement age, you shall have to handover office.
His father warned him against being rebellious.
The mayor has announced that she will seek re-election next year.
The cost of a jerrycan rose from two hundred to two thousand.
The doctor has twenty children in eight women.
Internal Security Organization was severally accused of torturing suspects.
It seems to bring discomfort when you ask them about it.
The maternal problem is worsened by a shortage of health workers.
The pupils performed poorly.
Uganda has increased its investment levels.
Some fathers do not want to take part in the upbringing of their children.
Government is happy with the new water sources funded by the government.
Tecno and Itel for the African market.
Is it appropriate to register mosques as non-government organisations?
The party leaders include; Uhuru, Beti Kamya the minister for Kampala and Godfrey Nyakana.
The speed of twenty-first-century information dissemination makes this maxim quaint.
May his soul rest in eternal peace.
The club licensing process shall consider several important factors.
The task force has ensured that the positive cases are quarantined and treated.
There was an accident on Masaka road.
The girl child needs to be empowered and supported.
All children under fifteen years are supposed to receive Measles and Polio vaccines
Everyone needs water for drinking, cooking, washing and bathing.
Consider the situation of people in other areas.
She won the Olympics race competitions for the first time in her life.
What can one do without money?
It is good to be at the health center early in the morning to get the vaccine.
World health organization organized a conference for over three hundred leaders around the world.
Other creatures emerged naturally as a result of the cement firm's support, according to Albert Musando.
What kind of offenses are handled by the court?
The vaccine-preventable disease surveillance saves lives.
Private schools are performing better than government schools.
The number of children suffering from eye defects is on the rise.
After the performance evaluation, some workers were fired.
Some machines are too complex to be understood by the users.
He was struck by thunder.
He stole the fishermen's fishing nets.
China is scrambling to catch up with Russia in shipping arms to these countries.
Teacher absenteeism should be avoided.
The auditor general will  have to inspect the expenditures
There is a football match between the two best teams in this league tonight.
She crushes these stones to get money and educate her children.
Health centres provide health services to all kinds of people.
Poor quality products cannot last long on the market.
His son is a medical doctor.
My brother will be part of the team during today's basketball game.
She received a birthday gift from her uncle.
Cable is like a video newsstand with many titles from which to choose.
Many people can not afford basic needs.
Her baby has been discharged.
The two thousand sixteen presidential battle between Museveni and Besigye already looming.
A new maternity centre will be built in a district in Uganda
My uncle retired from his office yesterday.
All teachers in our school were awarded tokens for being innovative.
He was the first to present his ideas before others.
He finally changed his mind about the divorce.
The government should lead the path towards development.
They do not have enough resources.
He hurt his leg.
These organizations protect children's rights to receive an education.
Vaccine-preventable diseases are twenty-three which affect people in Uganda.
The government allocated little money to the agriculture sector.
My wife studied there for five years.
There are decisions which the company took at the shareholder level which I think were not wise.
I cannot speak bad things about myself.
The children drank the milk yesterday.
Many artists learn these elements and principles in art school.
The people were sensitized to work hard and manage their businesses well.
Real citizens should participate as a way to refuse being silenced.
The hospital staff requested for a salary raise.
The number of teams in the Super League will be evaluated in the next season.
What are some of the crops grown in West Nile Uganda?
Her fiancé does not want to meet her family.
Wamala was released on a police bond.
Candidates who were not nominated in the party primaries decided to contest independently.
The local doctors should be considered for the jobs too.
Our parish priest was transferred to another parish.
Discussions are ongoing on how to implement solutions against disease outbreaks.
The fertile land in Uganda has facilitated crop husbandry.
The organisation worked hand in hand with the government of Uganda.
Her work contract has been renewed.
Land wrangles are very common in Uganda today.
The government managed to procure some coronavirus vaccines.
An international footballer gave charity to poor families.
She hopes to get a new job very soon.
People in war-torn areas seek peace elsewhere.
He and the sister sat down to enjoy the meal together.
He saved her from the rain by giving her an umbrella.
It took us five hours to reach the nearest health facility.
Patients are quarantined for health purposes.
Bitature said the new board will build a stronger and more resilient Uganda.
What are some of the non-communicable diseases?
Always be hopeful in your life.
The high court has issued a warrant of arrest for the said poachers.
People have greed for money which will make them lose a life
Free and fair elections are the joy of all political candidates.
All the arrested criminals denied having committed the crimes.
The bishop informed people to support church activities.
The technology will provide security for the boda-boda men.
Construction will take place without encroaching on people's land.
The police put out the fire.
There is high milk production in Kenya
His mother reminded him to do his homework before going to bed.
Most schools punish students for speaking vernacular while at school.
I am here watching television.
I will buy for you thirty bags of cement.
The residents requested for accountability.
His assumption was right.
The doctor gave me a cream for my skin rash.
He was voted the most valuable player during the tournament.
A new drug is expected to be on market soon.
The district lacks enough funds to regulate its projects.
The public is also free to suggest ideas for the government to look into
Most ministers possess big farms.
Only three people were seated on the bench.
Leaders need to do more to bring services to their constituencies
The project couldn't be sustained because of the lack of funds.
The district officials have to be commended for controlling tuberculosis.
The University needs more funding.
Why is it that most comedians use abusive language?
Who is in charge of planning for the upcoming wedding?
One of the biggest problems in the world today is food insecurity.
Some businesses avoid paying taxes.
Our village football team reached the finals in last year's Christmas cup.
Other ten members were elected to the board.
There is a lot of freedom in Arua.
He died in the hospital last night.
That man's wife has succumbed to coronavirus.
The government came up with a new law to protect wild animals.
What is the purpose of health insurance?
Pilgrims from all parts of the country visit Namugongo on martyrs day.
There was disorder in the church.
Some students have been taken to jail.
Every motorcyclist and car driver must have a driving permit.
Eighteen youths were arrested for leading the violence.
In some societies, local leaders pass authoritative orders.
How many coronavirus cases are confirmed in Uganda?
The honest politicians quit electoral competition or are trounced when they have tried.
The legislators signed an income tax bill yesterday.
With those changes, policy and legislative levels were put in place.
Road signs and symbols also help in reducing road accidents
His trial has been in line for three years.
There will be an improved transport network.
The government has not taught people about the various diseases
Girls were advised to be aware of men who give them gifts and money.
Muslims are in their fasting period.
In total, the rehabilitated land is three hundred twenty hectares in Mombasa.
They planted more trees.
Highly infectious diseases include Ebola.
He has a business trip to China.
This November marked twenty years since Besigye penned his famous dossier.
Parents interact with teachers during visitation day.
Why is it commonly said that water is life?
She jumped from the tall building and broke her leg.
A political party was sued for selecting aspirants in a constituency that doesn't exist.
Besigye stated that he had taken a keen interest and participated in political activities.
The family suggested cooking little food to solve his overeating problem.
Ugandan men play an important role in reproductive decisions.
How to conduct an internal investigation?
People should avoid contact with people who have died of yellow fever.
Arua has a poor water supply system.
We were able to see everything around this place.
The animals are poisoned upon eating the plant.
Doctors in private hospitals get better salaries than those in government hospitals.
Development is aimed to improve everyone's standard of living.
Some hospitals do not have adequate medical equipment.
Uganda is a member of the United Nations.
Leaders are accountable to the electoral commission.
The bishop condemned traditional ways of celebrating Christmas.
They managed to shoot the general's daughter.
Leaders should have compassion among themselves and the people they lead.
They implemented the ideas as shared by the members of the society.
This would impose additional expenses on the repair.
Some leaders are selfish and they only think about satisfying their pockets.
Those on district council positions would pay two hundred thousand shillings.
He was stranded at the border for over one week.
The cabinet approved the construction of the hydropower station on Murchison falls.
How can I serve God?
He will provide capital so that people get involved in business activities.
He was on his way to work when he lost consciousness in his car.
What should be done to prevent sexual harassment of women at workplaces?
He was a powerful leader.
She has no money to shift to a better house.
The mayor announced the winners immediately after the race.
That foundation supports widows and orphans.
How do people cross this river?
The war in South Sudan has led to a refugee influx in Uganda
They should be able to provide good human resource policies.
That man is the best swimmer in the world.
Instead, the firm offers business opportunities to the local communities.
He spends one million Ugandan shillings daily on hospital bills.
There are existing laws that govern the management of public health.
The elections will be conducted tomorrow.
Electricity generation in Karuma will increase the supply of power in West Nile.
Students should engage in business activities instead of being lazy.
I am going to buy juice.
Leaders are accountable to the people they lead.
The World Health Organization chairman visited Uganda.
Running is a good exercise for the body.
How does one become a judge?
Cassava stems are always needed for planting.
It would be good if election rigging does not occur this year.
They went to the village.
There is a new face of opposition.
The president will address the challenges faced by the club.
The East African Community collapsed.
Don't be intimidated by what you don't know.
I have to watch today's nine o'clock news from home.
The kickboxing federation will solicit more funds from the government.
Good quality infrastructure improves learners' academic performance.
Prices of cement keep on changing from time to time.
What is the role of the Ministry of Agriculture, Animal Industry and Fisheries in Uganda?
Life is unpredictable so we should be kind to one another
The Ministry of Education released new guidelines that must be adhered to before the schools are reopened.
Sudan needs international assistance.
Besigye has been constantly arrested and got blockades to his home.
Mountains attract tourists into the country.
I have not received any money from him.
Corruption is almost everywhere in the country.
They can’t raise four hundred thousand shillings for an operation.
Ugandans should register for national identification cards.
Dedicate your life to serving God.
Traders are free to import or export their products.
The leaders retire at sixty-five years of age.
I have confidence that the new board will take Private Sector Foundation Uganda forward.
Police misconduct realization is far from recent.
She cleans her house before going to work.
Many people turned up for the meeting.
We need to end gender-based violence.
More and more farmers will acquire better and improved services throughout the country.
Don’t lose hope, everything will be fine.
Maternal mortality rates in Uganda are decreasing.
Many countries have experienced terrorist attacks in Africa.
A journalist had an interview with the justice about the situation.
District leaders brought the ministry of transport on board to improve road transport.
The pair of shoes was properly wrapped in the box.
He was the deputy prime minister in charge of East African Affairs.
Schools should preach against sexual abuse and violence.
Hold onto hope in the trying moments.
Have you checked on your mother lately?
Wars are a hindrance to development.
The environment must be conserved.
We think this is not enough because we have more than three thousand people.
How are you going to fundraise money for the church roof?
The hospital has not received foreign aid for a while now.
Pink is my favorite color.
Three of the vaccine-preventable diseases include pneumonia, diarrhea, and measles.
They want the boss to resign.
People still talk about him decades after his death.
A couple faked its kidnap.
People are encouraged to use bank agents.
He wants to enrol for a postgraduate degree.
It is anticipated if the summit had taken place, there would be a bigger pronouncement.
The Ministry of Health has provided people with mosquito nets.
Anyone who doesn't wear a mask risks contacting coronavirus disease.
Most of the tax rates have been increased this financial year.
Ugandans need to have an efficient and effective power supply.
The government has contracted a Chinese company to construct that road.
He started playing the cricket game while in primary school.
The independent visited the East African Community.
Cotton is one of the major cash crops in Uganda.
Child marriages are on the rise in the country.
Parents pay huge amounts of money to take their children back to school.
Police misconduct had become part of everyday police work.
We analyzed the patients and did everything so that they could recover.
Non-communicable diseases exist among people in the community.
The government should get involved in country dialogue processes.
Cars are not allowed to move for the next two weeks.
That letter is addressed to street vendors.
Business transactions should be carried out transparently and honestly.
The president said that private vehicles should carry only two passengers.
We have got all the details in a report.
The buildings have cracks.
The public ought to realise the role of institutions in their midst.
He decided to open up a new church.
It is only during bad times when people tend to care.
Hospitals and other health centers provide medication to patients.
What is the value of computer training to youths?
Exemplary life is key to leadership.
His death will affect not only his family but the entire community.
I attended university for five years to become a doctor.
Fear is a sign of doubt.
Construction of the new big prison facility is underway.
I have invested a lot of energy and money to make sure that we have good employees.
The investment was two hundred million United States dollars.
He graduated from the university two years ago.
The footballer had an interview with a known sports journalist.
Village leaders will be responsible for distributing the resources.
Leaders need to fight against corruption.
It has forty-five bathrooms and a swimming platform.
Kaggwa attained a Master of Laws degree from the National University of Ireland.
A single guy like you should not have problems.
The rumor that China intentionally manufactured the coronavirus is false.
Will your friend be able to help us?
The resolutions made will be passed onto the summit.
What are some of the safety tips for mountain climbing?
Who is your role model?
The survivors wrote four petitions to the Prime Minister.
The maid demanded two hundred million shillings ransom.
Educate your children by taking them to school
Eight women formed a foundation to fight for women's rights in workplaces.
She has toiled to provide for her family.
Again she answered with a weighty caution
There isn't enough medicine in the pharmacy.
The land was provided by the neighboring districts.
She has written a new book about her father.
He requested us to be transparent about the expenditures.
There is high consumption of milk products
Challenges faced in the quality of service delivery to pregnant mothers is being investigated.
It is good to keep a safe distance when driving.
He was then taken to court for a hearing.
We need a government that can deliver on its promises.
The vaccines for immunization will be available next week.
Youths ought to work hard for their future.
It was signed to create a single market across the partner states.
The platform has improved the relationship between the riders and with their customers.
Fishermen complained about the water hyacinth.
I watched the movie with my family.
The United States of America has the most developed economy in the world.
My brother accused me of eating his food.
The district leaders organized an election.
Most taxpayers feel that tax is a burden to them.
All trucks need to be cleared to combat trading in counterfeits.
The government has allocated funds for road construction.
That is a voluntary network of organizations working to promote media freedom.
She never continued with school after her senior four.
We cook grasshoppers after plucking off their legs and wings.
There is a newspaper vendor in Ntinda.
The fans are watching the football match from their homes.
The entire power line needs to be serviced.
Disappointments are very painful.
It was during his time that the Nalufenya police station in Jinja rose.
Nodding the head is a form of nonverbal communication.
Industrial pollution is a threat to the environment.
The demand for oxygen in hospitals is overwhelming.
She planted roses in her compound.
Who is the top scorer this season?
She felt ashamed when people laughed at her.
The issue of recruitment to and promotion within the army was contentious at the time.
It is perceived that golf is a game for the rich.
The farmer's crops were destroyed by the monkeys.
She handed in incomplete documents which led to the rejection of her loan application.
Mathematics was poorly done in the whole district.
What are some of the tools used for welding?
She fetches water around the village for food.
The exercise began on November twenty-first with limited time allocated to it.
The religious leader was not injured during the attack.
The rape and loss of her two children caused her mental damage.
Everyone contributes to the development of a community.
What can I do to reduce the size of my stomach?
The government has ordered the financial institutions to extend the loan repayment schedules due to the pandemic.
He wants to change the education system.
My mother has been teaching for over forty years now.
He learnt how to speak English.
What are the basic needs of man?
She had missed the previous meeting.
The new power station will generate a lot of electricity for the country.
The school recruited more non-teaching staff.
The flood victims have agreed to move to a resettlement camp in a nearby district.
I was also on my way to work.
District officials are united.
She died of malaria.
The elections were not free and fair.
What were your best memories in school?
The parents are behind the practice.
They may develop a permanent roughness.
The teacher is guilty of rape.
Immunization is done to control epidemics.
She has not attended lessons for the past one week.
He is currently doing research on something.
The sports event was led by a girl.
The meeting took place at the Uganda Manufacturer Association conference hall, Lugogo.
Despite everything that happened, they still won the elections.
I take my children for ice cream every weekend.
The examination was very tiresome.
He missed the district committee meeting this morning.
There are two types of buffaloes in Uganda.
Parents should give birth when ready to reduce orphanage numbers.
They witnessed the shooting yesterday.
Irresponsible members in the community dump garbage anywhere.
Accessibility controls, space for passengers, luggage, the design in and out were on point.
They are sensitizing the youth to plant more trees.
The company merged the sales department with the marketing department.
There's a lack of enough specialists in the medical field.
over half of our legislators have their salary cut to pay off their loans
An athlete is a person proficient in sports.
The Minister's mission is to cut down our efforts to serve the Kampala people.
Friends of the bishop is a group which was established in two thousand eighteen.
Despite his wonderful business ideas, he has not started a single business.
Government invests heavily in various projects to benefit the public.
The government drivers have been told to pack the cars at the ministry.
She does not argue with her brother anymore.
Most of the Local Councils are suffering from a crisis of confidence.
All students, schools and parents have an important role in promoting school safety
The national anthem reminds Ugandans to stay united at all times.
Parents should talk to their children about the danger of having sex before marriage.
She has a medical certificate.
Those policies are aimed at protecting local businesses.
He was very tired.
There has been an increase in the number of rape cases.
Women lack enough capital to engage in business activities.
Farmer cooperatives increase the supply of agricultural products.
Everyone wants to be in charge.
The situation has left the residents confused.
Anthrax is more common in animals than people in Uganda.
He shared all his ambitions with his wife.
Education leads to creativity and innovation that could result in development.
This is the best way to keep call bills low.
The United States had a very corrupt political machine system.
He admitted his crimes.
The program is broadcast live every weekend.
Farming is very profitable in rural areas.
Our Member of Parliament opened up a new hospital in the district.
The visitors donated medical equipment to the hospital.
My mother covered the food before putting it on the stove to cook.
We all know that you love her.
The patient died soon afterward.
The police ensure that every Ugandan keeps law and order.
Our former headteacher served for a long period of time.
A person can go to exile either by force or willingly.
The wars led to the displacement of people.
His family and friends held a burial mass for him at the family's cathedral.
Most youths in rural areas have given up on education.
What you need to know when putting up the kitchen.
Some of the election results at the district are wrong.
No one can argue with the boss.
We exchanged our phone contacts for further communication.
One of the students is a senior two student at the school.
The next forty-eight hours are important for the patient.
Children and the elderly will benefit from government donations.
The politician's house is surrounded by the army.
Investors invest in a certain project for a purpose.
Turn the door handle with both hands.
Some physical injuries can result into disability.
This kind of situation discourages further investigations and lowers all independent thinking.
People who are giving out inaccurate information about the virus will be arrested.
One of the churches was demolished as a result of land wrangles.
All the absentees were recorded.
Peace and stability are important in every country.
Impactful projects should be permanent.
The impressive advertising of sports betting firms provides an irresistible proposition
The president is the chief commander of the national army.
He sends money to his parents every month.
The Uganda Examination Board are yet to decide when students will sit their exams.
My brother is among the protesters who were arrested.
The ministry of health has not yet confirmed any coronavirus case in Uganda.
Some women are really brutal.
Most of the pupils absent themselves on market days.
He was arrested for not wearing a mask.
Reality television shows usually come to an end unexpectedly.
The roof of our house started leaking when it rained last night.
I wrote an article about diabetes in the school newspaper.
Why do dogs bark?
The legislature has a duty of making laws in the country.
There is another type of cancer, but it mostly affects children.
He forgot to pick his children from school yesterday.
Government is aiming at improving health care for the public.
Ministries are funded by the government.
Some people are ignorant about online music shows.
Very many people fear witchcraft.
Businessmen and tycoons were bitter because of the lockdown.
I declare a wonderful, and prosperous today.
Parents have failed to advise their children on what is right and wrong.
Have you talked to your brother?
The leaders have organised a training for all the engineers in the community.
He actively participated in most of the school activities this year.
Many businesses had to close this year because of inadequate capital.
They also offered some equipment to be used for the project.
The practice of racism is inhuman and brings disunity among people.
Religious leaders are supposed to guide parents on such practices.
These men were fighting from the market.
When are they electing women councillors?
The electricity expenses at home have been high this month.
Countries like Uganda are landlocked.
She remembers every detail about her childhood.
What are you thinking about?
Church staff require nearby accommodation for easy access to the church
Some products on the market have never been approved by the Uganda National Bureau of Standards.
The hospitals in Arua have the capacity to handle covid nineteen patients.
The focus was on the rural population.
Children should be allowed to play outside to strengthen their bodies.
A company is being appreciated for its contribution towards improving maternity services for females.
That team lost the match last Saturday.
People do not know the border districts.
She managed to catch the ball that he threw at her.
Those who fail to pay fines can also be taken to prison.
After the announcement of her results, she collapsed.
The firms also blamed profit drop on higher operating costs.
Tourism generates jobs directly through hotels, restaurants and taxis.
Rapists ought to be arrested.
She records most of the things that happen to her in a diary.
You are free to enter.
There is no serious case for wide-scale politics.
By then President Museveni was in his thirteenth year in power.
Educational toys teach children about sharing.
We need to maintain social distance.
Maintaining cities is costly.
The construction of the bridge was for twenty-four billion shillings.
People were advised to wear a mask while in public.
The landlord collects rent at the end of every month.
He is my favorite musician.
They want him to be released from prison today.
The commander explained that the army is non-partisan, and the accusations are baseless.
People should share knowledge in their language groups.
For an external and independent oversight.
She advised women to open up bank accounts as a way of saving money.
The war in that country lasted for five years.
The former members of parliament are now mere normal citizens.
A lot of people's properties were destroyed in the fire.
Whoever attended her wedding was served a piece of cake.
What you need is quality education.
Uganda needs to transform its education system.
The victim's family will be relocated as soon as possible.
The soldier died while saving his injured colleague.
Many workers did not turn up for the workshop.
At what time does the bank close?
The parliamentarian pleaded not guilty before the chief magistrate's court.
Can I have something to drink?
What are the names of your first two daughters?
His life will be celebrated at the cathedral.
My father drives the army tanks.
Come to my office immediately.
The sky is far above the earth.
Of what benefit are agrochemical products to a farmer?
He said it was intelligent to return the Parliament's money.
She was born sixty-two years ago to a very poor family.
Let us hope they agreed on priorities
Some players did not come for football training.
The people used legal procedures to stop construction.
Everyone is happy with a court ruling
Candidates with criminal records in India are three times more likely to win elections.
A small issue can cause problems.
Is a high body temperature a sign of fever?
Churches carry out charity works to the needy in their community.
He has been found guilty of stealing from his neighbor's house.
What happens during the press briefing?
I have heard rumours that a new land bill is coming soon.
They are doubting their connection to her.
There is a constant testing of people against yellow fever.
They did not communicate about the meeting time.
My father will return home next year.
The team was requested to return the money as soon as possible.
The speaker acknowledged receipt of the ambulances.
His trial will be held in two weeks.
Circumcision is a very important tradition in some cultures.
Why is the dropout rate so high?
He participated in singing competitions.
The army will be used to help the ruling party win the elections.
Where can we get good resistant varieties that are highly marketable?
The economic revival plan is based on the United Nations development goals.
She said: all the health workers require knowledge and skills to protect themselves.
The police officer called upon other institutions to intervene.
What are the benefits of conserving forests?
Players wear different numbers for quick identification.
Teachers play an important role in child development.
The government spends less money on the health system.
There is a lot of corruption in Arua district.
Do you have faith in God?
Refugees were trained to cook food.
According to the judge, his evidence was insufficient.
The students should be ready to work.
Some parts of the country are sparsely populated.
The new supreme Khadi has the qualities of a good leader.
Uganda has exciting cultural dances performed by different tribes.
Women are mistreated during armed conflicts in their communities.
Relatives and friends have no idea of what has happened to them.
The heavy rain caused the three rivers to flood.
They requested the ferry to make more trips.
Other journalists raised complaints about the minister's decision.
This is the same concept that possessed Leonardo Da Vinci.
Petrol is highly flammable.
The disabled acquired skills in carpentry and welding.
Your name reminds me of someone.
What have you achieved in the past years?
The landlord came to collect the monthly rent.
She accepted the job offer.
The Sudanese government should promote democratic ideals and peace.
Several deaths among pregnant mothers have been caused by abortions.
The bank reduced the interest rate on business loans to get more clients.
I could not believe the court ruling was on our side.
More people go to bars lately.
Every country in East Africa sends members to the East African Legislative Assembly.
Values assessment is a basis for decision-making towards nature.
The minister will arrive in July.
She slid and fell on the wet floor.
The noise from the factory affected our work.
Patients visitors' are going to be affected by the new guidelines.
He made jokes that made us laugh.
Due to the coronavirus, all worshipping places were closed
Community policing is important in reducing crime
The wooden chair got broken.
Microfinance banks don't have good interest rates.
We need to put in place proper mechanisms and food will be brought on the door
There are few hospitals for people with mental illnesses in Uganda.
Rain is the main natural source of water.
God anointed him with great words of wisdom.
The Embassy has previously supported art exhibitions.
Health runs are organised for fundraising purposes.
The parish leader shall make the final decision concerning any such recommendation for deletion.
We are going to launch the campaign in the next few hours.
The plot in dispute is between the university and a private developer.
Some people have been entrusted to run government organizations.
The government should increase its budgetary allocation for the refugees.
All the traders who were operating without licenses were arrested.
The government came up with programs promoting agriculture in Uganda.
He is already sitting down.
Local leaders should penalize the families involved in early marriages.
An operating license legally permits anyone to carry out any activities.
The hospital is indebted.
He gave a speech on his birthday.
Appreciate others for their support.
The football stadium has a total of forty thousand seats.
Children were shocked by the sudden death of their teacher.
Many folk songs and dances were performed at the music dance and drama concert.
Uganda hosted an international golf tournament at Entebbe golf grounds last year.
The judge released him after his bail had been paid.
Pregnant mothers are encouraged to visit the hospital before birth time.
He was selected as the judge for their land case.
The idea appears to be driven by the need to create a new constituency.
The doctor said that he could not tell if I have coronavirus without testing me.
Meat production business is doing well these days.
The budget is beneficial in the planning process.
Sheikhs are religious leaders in the Islamic faith.
He will represent the university in the competitions.
What is the purpose of the great refugee run?
Women in Northern Uganda protested against land grabbing.
He lost consciousness in his car around Mulago, Kampala.
These earrings were a gift from my aunt.
Some election methods are not fair.
Kyagulanyi won the Young African Male Politician of the year two thousand nineteen awards.
Thieves have tactics of breaking padlocks without keys.
The institute is found at the national autonomous university of Mexico.
At least attempting a balanced presentation of the facts.
Military expenditure in Africa was still nine and two percent.
They were advised to settle the disputes.
Some people are not aware of their talents.
Some politicians have intentions of weakening cultural institutions.
Our national team riders still need more skills to perform better in the championship.
What are the conditions for one to contest as a presidential candidate?
She threw a stone and the doves on the ground flew away.
He got a loan at a relatively fair rate.
The police arrested locals for failing to preserve natural resources.
Many groups have come up to teach farmers about the fake seeds on the market.
He was wearing a maroon shirt and black trousers.
The government has not provided enough support for the schools.
Farmers have hope in their farm produce.
It was not enough to say “never again” to the racial killing.
The number of coronavirus disease infections and deaths increases every now and then.
The constitution has been revised.
Our cultural music attracts tourists from different countries to Uganda annually.
The public has failed to work with the city council authority.
Her in-laws are dangerous people.
Schools dismiss some students because of their bad conduct.
District officials have not been involved in the implementation of refugee development programs.
The property has been transferred to the banker's name.
Students are advised to participate in sports activities.
Teachers should equip learners with the knowledge to guide them in the final examinations.
The district has put up hand washing terminals, provided masks and sanitizers.
Some people are still engaging in public gatherings.
He was appointed as the new chairperson of the Uganda National Examination Board.
They usually leave their children with a housekeeper when they are going to work.
Police arrested residents for their unlawful actions.
The minister postponed the national schools' football games until next year.
How can we improve service delivery to our customers?
Economic growth and societal structural transformation change the old system of governance
The National Water and Sewerage corporation company distributes water to people.
This requires a joint effort to be stopped completely.
Why is the world refugee day celebrated?
The constitution was changed to allow the president to run for another term.
Some patients have problems moving to hospitals.
Leaders must guide their subordinates into doing the right things.
This company will obtain all the necessary equipment needed for the match.
We have morning prayers at our church.
The stakeholders shall be given accountability.
Living in a clean environment prevents diseases.
Information about this issue is very sensitive.
His parents gave him all the necessary school requirements.
Her uncle is a policeman.
Police help in conflict resolution.
Our health services are the best in the region.
Health workers need to know the prevention and treatment of the virus.
The money should be spent on our people and not greedy politicians
His vehicle was not insured.
The region has not been rewarded properly.
The school council has ordered that the students who abuse school uniforms should be suspended.
Parents should help children to boost their talents.
A road map guides you towards accomplishing the preset goals.
You might damage your back if you do not sit upright.
That organization is helping poor people with money to support their families.
She is going to tell you everything about that issue.
She scored the highest mark in the examination.
Her father is a policeman.
The manager wanted to know how much the customer paid for the dress.
Drivers who park their vehicles alongside the streets cause congestion in the city.
Some people shared their views on the matter.
State Minister for Works Katumba Wamala said Hima will continue to benefit from local content.
The animals ran through the desert and the national park.
The government should promote local tourism for economic development.
She has gone for a job interview.
Droughts usually lead to water scarcity.
The professor is very brilliant.
Please wipe your feet on the doormat before you come inside the house.
The prime minister sent ten million Ugandan shillings to support the family of his late driver.
Uganda received financial aid to assist her in fighting against coronavirus.
With improved technology, people now find it easy to pay taxes.
The president appreciated the special force for keeping peace and security.
Though you call it partnership
More teacher transfers will be made next year.
Some voters were not happy with the outcomes of the election.
You need to come back home.
His parents cannot afford taking care of him at the hospital.
Prisoners need the freedom to see their families.
Investors are exempted from arrests.
Some of the money my father sent me for tuition was deducted in taxes.
He told us to repent.
Most projects are targeted to benefit the youth.
The Chinese have built several roads in our country.
Sudan was excluded from the heavily indebted poor country program.
Liberty is the freedom one has to do something.
Police arrested most of the opposition leaders.
She was the second best student in her class last term.
We need more judges to work on the very many pending cases.
He accidentally dropped the saucepan he was holding.
His father taught him how to do carpentry work.
Washing hands with soap is one way of preventing diseases.
The government should allocate more money for the anti-corruption task force.
She plans for all her weekly expenses.
The United States should remove Sudan from the state sponsors of terrorism list.
The hospital needs blood to transfuse these car accident victims.
What causes foodborne infections?
This place is associated with a lot of murder.
Maize has been affected by the Fall Army Worm.
Shots were fired during the political party elections.
The organization is celebrating thirty years of existence.
The signing is a former Kampala capital city authority skipper.
The district will relocate refugees to areas with adequate water supply.
He is not qualified to be the new head of the organization.
Agrarian societies have values and norms.
She restored her health after being admitted to the hospital for three days.
The entrance fee was really high.
The district encouraged the families to work hard to achieve socio-economic transformation.
They are winning the match.
Playing helps children to develop healthy brains.
He started the car at a very high speed.
The camp constitutes one thousand four hundred households.
How often do you use the hair treatment?
Bills are passed by parliament.
Ministers who are always absent during parliamentary sessions should resign from their positions.
Are you an orphan?
How much is your gross salary a month?
We watched an online music performance yesterday.
You need to have a calculator while doing a math exam.
Like the private sector, we are doing everything to improve the connection of Kampala to the port of Mombasa.
Children need to be counselled.
Five boys were arrested for gang-raping a thirteen-year-old girl.
She deliberately pushed her friend from the building.
We did our examinations under remote invigilation.
The food prices were lower during the lockdown.
Islam is the second-largest religion in Uganda.
I am going to use the train.
I will wait for him until he comes home.
Security was tightened in Kasese district.
Decisions will be made after consulting the bishops.
The constitution will not divide any groups of people.
Her mother encouraged her to first finish school.
Ambassador Deborah Malac advocated for the release of the opposition leader Doctor Kizza Besigye.
The government should provide for vulnerable people.
They are suffering from typhoid.
Kadaga joined Museveni at the ranch.
We will stop after we have reached the final destination.
Farmers sell their produce to the market.
Some people want to grab other people's land.
The administration failed to renovate the buildings.
Use every available opportunity.
President Museveni and Paul Kagame have blocked open public discussion on the issues.
And the conversation soon became even more serious
We go to school to attain education.
They looked for him to do an interview.
All schools remained closed after the lockdown.
At what time did you set the appointment?
The money came in at a time when they needed to renovate the church floor.
The little ant bit him and the skin turned red.
The chairman cancelled the meeting.
The thirty images composed the five sections of the exhibition.
We can enjoy and play the way we want.
Her in-laws said she had been unfaithful in her marriage.
What do men do during paternity leave?
The district leaders received the ambulance with joy.
Some people lack funds to facilitate their education.
The study focused on direct medical costs and out-of-pocket expenses.
What is a warranty for court purposes?
The opposition faces a big challenge of Museveni appointing most high profile individuals
The headquarters of the electoral commission are located in Kampala.
She is a former student of that school.
What role do members of parliament play?
Others include Ford Kuga, Hyundai Sonata, KIA Xceed, Lexus UX, Porsche Nine hundred eleven.
You should not go to restricted places.
When she reached the door she knocked so that someone could open it.
An in-depth study on recent violence in the country is being carried out.
His crops dried up due to insufficient water.
Parents should teach girls how to prepare their cultural food.
Radio Uganda will offer a wide variety of connectivity options.
She is a mother of three children.
Specialist clinicians have been advised to train interns.
The goats have eaten the maize in the garden.
Remove that book from the table.
The football team won the premier league and the Uganda cup.
The village leaders asked the president to fulfil his pledge.
What is your religious name?
Youths have been encouraged to take hold of any opportunity available.
The speaker is disorganised and irresponsible.
People from different parts of the country come together on this day.
Street children need to be supported during the lockdown period.
My son was murdered last year.
They can not raise four hundred thousand shillings for an operation.
He has applied for a bank loan to start up a business.
The leader of the strike was expelled.
The winners of the league will be announced tomorrow.
The three players were racially abused by the supporters after the final match.
I felt so lonely during the night.
The policemen were very merciless.
The lecturer advised the students to take some time and make their idea better.
It was an encompassing and ambitious reform program.
My mother told me that sharing is caring.
The reporter has more information.
Have you played any league game?
A laboratory is a place where experiments are made.
Human rights are the freedom that belongs to everyone in the world.
The district leaders held a meeting to settle the land disputes.
There has been a rise in the number of cases.
He is expected to visit them at any time.
What is the role of the Archbishop of Uganda?
The member of parliament organised the training program.
The market is under construction.
Where can I find good furniture?
People have not been sensitized about the dangers of the virus.
Why do African presidents rule till old age?
Every Ugandan child has the right to a good education.
The Resident District Commissioners are currently deployed to promote government programs.
The land title was forged.
Most employees are ignorant about the employment laws in Uganda.
Some children are abandoned by their parents because they are lame.
The World Health Organization's Regional director is called Matshidiso Moeti.
Arua and Koboko established the environmental police to protect and conserve the environment.
It was used by one of the suspects for personal reasons.
Youths are being trained in different skills like hairdressing.
The country has been engulfed with fear.
My only complaint about the house is the wooden floor.
Nowadays people are recovering from the coronavirus
Students do not turn up for school after losing school fees money in betting.
She is creative in her business.
It displayed the strategies developed to tackle this issue.
Women have financially supported their husbands in developing their families.
Smokers should be mindful of their health.
It is okay to stand firm at your decision.
She has a beautiful bag.
Onduparaka has some of the best players in the league.
That girl has graduated with very good scores.
The husband chased her from the house.
Youths are encouraged to work hard.
How do you express your feelings?
I always prepare ahead of time.
I have been making a critical look at what is called Rural Electrification
These two taught him to treat all men and women equally.
One needs a licence from the government to operate a business in Uganda.
A doctor complained when a foreigner was given a job in their department.
His farm was infested with rats.
Findings were added up to rank the institutions with the highest rate of bribery.
This happens when his opponents in the ring are journalists.
It is essential to keep records.
Twenty boreholes were constructed in the region.
She did not expect to get pregnant at such a young age.
If brakes are neglected, the brake pads could cut into the brake rotors.
How many professional boxers are in Uganda?
Why would wild animals migrate from one place to another?
A long-distance relationship needs a faithful partner.
The youth wrote a letter addressing their challenges.
Landslides swept through our neighbouring village following a heavy downpour.
He speaks with a lot of confidence.
The land was given to the wrong person.
They provide us with timber
Tragic events would be avoided if organizers take basic security measures
Do u think this academic year should be cancelled?
The speaker should have informed the clerk if he was to be in absentia.
All attendees of the party parked their cars in one place.
Why do people steal?
When he got up he felt dizzy, so he sat again.
Organizations have to work together during project implementation.
So are the figures telling a lie?
Few people will be allowed in court today.
My father's company employs more than fifty workers.
Kaggwa participated in the closure of Nalufenya.
Other National Resistance Movement officials in Kampala have expressed their displeasure.
Bug bites are harmless to our lives.
Leaders can delegate to others.
Reusable pads are relatively cheap to make.
The government spent a lot of money to buy coronavirus test kits.
The Muslim cleric was sworn in unlawfully.
Every culture has its own beliefs.
Girls in rural areas engage in sexual acts at an early age.
Are you indifferent about violence against women?
My hobby is playing football.
My colleagues at work are planning to go on strike.
Professor Piot is one of the researchers who first discovered Ebola.
The youth will lead the reconstruction programs in the county.
More funds will be raised by the community for camps.
Pilgrims come from different parts of the country.
When you go to work, work to your best capability.
The health officers quickly attended to her when she arrived at the hospital.
All the furniture in the building burnt down.
Violence is unacceptable in society.
Many people have been struggling to service their bank loans during this pandemic.
She keeps holding onto the past.
They should pay attention to the strength and limitations of each of the student.
He encouraged us to adhere to all the security measures.
The way out is making innovative concepts.
There should be a consensus between the district leaders and the local people.
We wish to give a background to this state of affairs.
Uganda football federation signed a new coach for the national team.
Why were senior party leaders fighting and threatening each other?
Police should not be involved in elections.
I no longer watch horror movies.
Are there any negative effects of using herbal medicine?
They were taken into isolation.
At school, the senior woman taught us how to lay our beds.
The government provide finances to refugee hosting communities.
The children are malnourished because of poor feeding.
There will be economic instability in the region.
He grows pineapples on one of his farms.
The police retrieved a bomb from the city center.
Health officials should have a good relationship with the people they serve
Residents are disappointed because the newly constructed roads developed cracks.
The vehicle that knocked him down was at a very high speed.
The student apologized for the delay in handing in her assignment.
Sexual violence affects both girls and boys in schools.
The religion of Islam allows men to marry more than one wife.
We need to be at home by two o'clock.
People should establish their faith and trust in God at all times.
Companies will risk losing out on opportunities if they fail to register.
Providing wrong and false information is a crime.
May I see your photo?
Football teams do intensive training in order to win a match.
Uganda's weather is very good for agriculture.
The government has released money to buy food for the people who were affected by the floods.
The community was briefed about the constitution.
Does she speak good English?
The machinery imported from Japan helped us to handle the situation
People in Masaka district are living in fear following the recent killings.
There are very many heavy tracks on the road.
More tour guides were recruited.
Coronavirus patients are tired of being hospitalized.
Some people in villages have no access to family planning services.
They sell seeds to farmers that promise high yields but fail to germinate at all.
We should learn about the history of our cultures.
He had no protection for his crimes against the family.
Report gender violence the authorities.
A boy was hiding in the bush.
He told us everything about you.
Village leaders urged parents to support their children in education.
He recently graduated with a master's degree in Information Technology.
We have run from the farthest point in southern Africa to North Africa.
Sustainability is key to company success.
How will Ugandan business owners benefit from digital tax?
He runs the family business on his own.
Businessmen want to venture into profitable businesses.
The district chairperson registered all the victims of the landslide.
We need to empower communities.
The water prices have been hiked.
The government encourages people to use good planting materials to get better yields.
She makes bracelets from beads.
There was a lot of confusion at the court.
The bicycles have never been delivered
Some pregnant women spit a lot.
Many people have died of malaria.
Parents want to take their children to the best schools.
That musician died of food poisoning.
The woman was smartly dressed in beautiful clothes.
My father died during heart surgery.
The cow was slaughtered on Christmas.
Roots hold trees firmly into the ground.
Bright students from a vulnerable background have won themselves a sponsorship.
Our parents got married at a young age.
Give people their money.
Challenges faced can be resolved.
Take those chemicals to the laboratory.
The donations received will be used to purchase agricultural products.
You are the pride of this family.
This bottle did not have a cover.
The construction of the oil pipeline began last week.
People die every day, even when the disease is preventable.
Politicians cannot be trusted.
Government has put efforts into developing Northern Uganda.
Traditional birth attendants were banned in Uganda, but they continue to practice.
An army was deployed outside the market to handle the riots.
The president addressed the media on issues regarding the lockdown.
Why should you speak on that matter?
A few other tribes have also picked their leaders.
They have failed to ask whether the decision is permanent or uncertain.
Everyone should work hard to save a life.
He experienced a lot while responding to the Ebola pandemic in West Africa.
Most of the contacts of yellow fever have tested negative.
The policemen apologized about their brutality.
The new doctor was the first to come into the hospital.
Who heads the Ministry of Health?
He became popular for scoring many goals during the match.
John Muhanguzi Kashaka may spend more time in jail.
Girls in Kamuli district are very vulnerable.
Our reporter will tell us more.
Farmers were educated about the fake seeds and their challenges.
Student strikes lead to destruction of schools' properties
Who was the first president of Uganda?
The leader of that political party retired from politics.
Good roads ease the transportation of goods to the market.
The public should avoid making false accusations against the government.
This way, communities can identify illegal settlers and suspected criminals.
Projects like poultry and piggery are a source of income to many.
With God all things are possible.
He encouraged more people to start small businesses to sustain themselves.
Ucom was owned by the Libyan Post, Telecommunication and Information Technology Holding Company.
After two years of hard work, he became rich.
Are you sure he said that?
My cousin is very wise despite her young age.
Kids have limited exposure and knowledge on very many things.
My grandfather was one of the National Resistance Movement soldiers.
Many industries have been constructed in wetlands.
How many months are left for the year to end?
They should remain at home during the lockdown.
Uganda is a member of the East African Community.
Ethiopia is the only uncolonized country in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Keep in mind the routine services listed.
A letter of notice gives information about something.
Parents who marry off their young daughters should be arrested.
We have a report on how we can prevent coronavirus.
The Independent Magazine Uganda costs five thousand Ugandan shillings.
He hasn’t talked to me in three days.
They received items to help them survive.
Your room is too dirty.
The friends talked about their failing friendship.
The government has purchased five ambulances.
It is good to forgive those that have offended you.
Fire is very destructive.
Getting involved in a business is one way of finding children's school fees.
Do you have any sports channels on your package?
Perhaps one explanation for the delays is mismanagement.
Cancer institutes will be established in different districts.
He looked through the window to see who was calling him.
She is interested in family planning.
Some graduates are lucky enough to get jobs soon after graduating.
He is a farmer.
She is a rich man's daughter.
Red is my favorite color.
Any government expenditure must be budgeted for.
Our politicians are always under enormous pressure to meet these needs.
The banana plantation owners formed an association yesterday.
They should be organised into groups.
The market vendors need new leaders.
We should confirm that our photographs were taken correctly.
Teachers follow a given syllabus while teaching.
Careless road users cause accidents on the road.
With this advancement in technology, some people have visited the moon.
The signing asserted that Onduparaka is not afraid of KCCA.
Our district medical services are too low as compared to other places.
The elections are likely to be violent and may lead to the spread of the virus.
There are many immigrants in Uganda.
The layout of the organizations is always different.
Universities are higher institutions of learning.
The government provides free land to foreign investors.
Transport was banned at border districts.
Parents are advised to respect school teachers.
You have been invited to attend the wedding.
Some young children have got pregnant during this pandemic.
The local leaders consulted the community before concluding.
He usually plays games on the phone in his free time, instead of reading books.
Some people chose to take on sports as a career.
Sudan got its first female chief justice.
It's too early to predict how the game will end.
I haven't washed my plates.
Do not stay in the company of the wrong people.
The best students will be trained for the inter-regional competitions.
Why do police base their operations on assumptions?
The entire exercise will be secured.
The youth and the disabled also have a representative in the parliament.
The prime minister is a very important person in the country.
People started vandalising property on the power station.
He thanked his parents for allowing him to join the priesthood.
The bridge was swept away by the heavy water.
Some journalists have poor relationship skills.
Under what conditions will a money transfer be cancelled?
What is the reason behind keeping social distance during this pandemic?
He paraded a heap of dollars before the Ugandan media.
The best three in the race were awarded medals.
He spent his night in the lodge.
The entire team is very happy about winning the international football league.
Fishers were given fishing nets to enhance their work.
She wants to talk to a counselor.
Anyone is capable of winning an election.
Most athletes are thin.
My wife does not want our children to do house chores.
Did you apologize to your mother?
Her husband told her to convert to his religion.
We are thankful for the meals provided to soldiers.
He gave a speech in reference to the ongoing situation in the country.
Our mission is to build church-founded schools.
The chemicals appeared to have worked.
This was due to weak progress in many sectors due to corruption.
The message is to stop violence against women and girls.
The rock hit his head and he passed on instantly.
The public donated food and money to the government during the first lockdown.
The court was rescheduled until ninth June.
The mosque was renovated.
Money must be spent.
This school has taught our children how to sew their clothes.
What is the right thing to do?
The children played in the rain.
She has been appointed the new spokesperson of the party.
The ice has melted.
He has moved out of this year's parliamentary race in favor of his opponent.
Good leadership has to aim at development.
People have to stay focused if they are to defeat the pandemic.
Government policies have empowered people in the justice, law, and order sector.
Many secrets get revealed during campaigns.
Her mother is in the church choir.
The bombings have also shaken local relationships in the marketplace.
When should we provide you with our bank account details?
Our swimming coach was impressed with my performance.
Uganda is endowed with vast resources.
Very many people benefited from the project.
Judges must be just and fair in their rulings.
The competitions were carried out to search for new talent in comedy.
Trade unions provide market to the products of their members.
Some prisoners are being mistreated in jail.
This would guarantee fast and efficient service delivery to its customers
He was thrown out of his hotel room after failing to pay.
Government has offered support to cultural institutions.
Researchers have found a way to make mouse hearts glow green each time they beat.
The organization described him as a skilled legal practitioner.
Young locust is the most dangerous of all the pests.
Why should I worry about the future?
Violence during elections must stop.
Did you keep any food for me?
In which country was that wine manufactured?
Sir, this is the truth.
Heavy use can be hard on wiper blades.
The prices of fuel may keep increasing.
People have strongly opposed scientific campaigns during the coronavirus pandemic.
The firm dragged him to court over corruption.
Many ministers attended the event.
Leaders have a right to exercise their authority where necessary.
She was sworn in as the District woman member of parliament.
Many people are infected with the coronavirus.
He preached about the love God has for man.
The police needs to apply other strategies.
People need basic needs to survive this tough season.
He said a lot of things.
They formed a football club in the region.
Why are they doing nothing about the rearrests?
What is the benefit of conserving wildlife?
Do not write on the examination paper while attempting the exam.
Sanitary towels are being made out of sugarcane residues in Uganda.
Museveni emphasized the need for a united Uganda in particular.
He was remanded ten years in prison.
He sold to me expired bread.
The major services are usually performed at thirty thousand miles intervals.
She is staying at her friends' home for the time being.
The lawyers appeared many times in the village.
That country has a population of twelve million people.
The situation worsened when the United Nations imposed sanctions on the Libyan assets.
Some of the shops where farmers can get fertilizers and good planting materials.
What is the meaning of cholesterol?
We settled all our misunderstandings and decided to move on.
The work was finished on time.
China is simply expanding its dynasty in the long run.
The Health Ministry continues to advocate for a malaria-free country.
After the phone call, she hangs up.
Given the size of the hospital, most of them have limited bed capacity.
You can make a vegetable garden on a small piece of land.
The farmers are harvesting beans from their gardens.
Clear financial loss due to corruption needs to be reported by the authorities.
Women have been given funds to boost their businesses.
Military police beat journalists during campaigns.
A women empowerment workshop was held today.
It was an international conference.
The rehearsals shall begin tomorrow.
Chronic back pain is very common among elderly people.
Mosquitoes that carry encephalitis seem to prefer bird blood hosts.
What treatment can be given to coronavirus patient?
My cousin brother was asked to repeat the class.
He apologized to him for being arrested mercilessly.
You have to belong to a savings group to receive money from the government.
The village chairperson connived with land robbers to steal residents' land.
Local defence unity has restored peace in your region.
Racism and discrimination hinder unity in society.
His bail application has been canceled by the court.
We must improve the working conditions of the employees.
Coronavirus cases are increasing in Uganda.
We cannot confirm when our daughter stopped wearing diapers.
The policemen arrested the member of parliament.
Her daughter likes putting on sports shoes.
She touched my shoulder gently.
Wild animals are kept safe in national parks and the zoo.
There are expectations to this rule.
That organization provides free food for the famine victims.
All my family members did not accept my idea.
The youth have not been given all the support they need to become successful.
I do not want any member of my family to be involved in politics.
It gave aid to the southern African nation.
The near-end termination charge applies to calls delivered to a point of interconnection.
The authorities depend on the money allocated to them in the budget.
The army and police were deployed to make sure that the elections are peaceful.
The lockdown reduced the spread of coronavirus among the locals.
The doctor told me to take my child for immunization.
The car does not have fuel.
Two thousand nineteen had wild bush fires which destroyed homes and displaced people.
The federation has a controversial leader.
Gorillas' bodies are covered in fur because they live in cold areas.
The excitement that builds in the audiences arising from locals watching themselves is simply unbelievable.
Army criminals are taken to military courts for trial.
Sunday is a holy day.
The prisoners could no longer endure the congestion in prison.
The new leaders are ready to serve.
I need to renew my driving permit.
You have a nice photo album.
He mixed the sand with cement and water.
The build and sell section of the housing sector had seen major growth.
He has taken over his father's business.
Some companies failed to pay their workers during the lockdown period.
Her father died when she was still young.
Taxpayers are expected to continue paying tax during the coronavirus pandemic.
There are conflicts among religious leaders.
The police should deploy more police officers in the area.
The bed capacity of the hospital has increased.
It comprises health leaders from across the globe.
Some fathers hardly have any time for their children.
Poor child parenting has caused a lot of problems for society?
He tested positive with coronavirus.
I was left speechless after the minister's communication.
This position catapulted him to the sixth parliament of Uganda.
There was a lot of traffic jam due to the party.
Did you see any supporters at the pitch?
Different groups are created to help veterans.
I will build a house in the future.
Part of our house is in the road reserve.
During the lockdown, most families could afford only one meal a day.
They are not sure why the man shot the policeman.
The city council has planted flowers along the roadside to improve the scenery.
Bwire spoke at the Kenya Science Journalist Congress at Sai Rock Hotel in Mombasa.
He placed his feet on the table.
The ministry of education notified schools of the revised exam time table.
She was smart and elegant in a dress made from barkcloth fabric.
The government will construct three bridges in Arua.
The company was then placed under provisional administration in May two thousand seventeen.
Tribal disputes should be solved with dialogue instead of violence
These are false accusations from the opposition leader.
He performed better than his elder sister.
He gave a speech during the meeting.
It is not good to always disregard other people's opinion.
The construction is meant for city development.
We shall train hard for the next two weeks to win the national finals.
Uganda Telecom needs two hundred fifty-five billion shillings to upgrade its network
The minister for lands is sick.
Fans will have no access to watch matches.
Nation resources are rightfully accessed by nationals.
You dump the garbage at the collection points.
The government has released funds for the construction of a new power plant.
The team scored a goal two minutes before the break.
They need to get legal advice from the right lawyer.
The district leaders had a meeting to ensure peace and stability in the area.
Did that man touch you?
Public transport is expected to adhere to the new policy.
When the bell rang, the students went home.
The president gave out new cars for all the Ugandan Olympic gold medalists.
Arresting criminals has not put an end to crime in society.
I didn't vote because my name did not appear on the voters' register.
Why do you spit everywhere?
The journalists made a report while they were in Gulu.
That land has been sold to a foreign investor.
The constitution was revised.
He had to pay a fine for violating traffic rules.
The ability to change the channel to discover a different point of view.
What are your medical results?
No single candidate scored four in our village this year.
Some diseases can be cured and prevented.
What is considered bribery?
It was a painful moment when I was giving birth.
Have you completed your homework?
The government spent a lot of money on improving infrastructures in public universities.
The arrests keep happening every night.
The animals were evicted.
My aunt's house is too small to accommodate all my friends.
Police should be well facilitated to effectively carry out proper investigations.
Do you think wearing masks might have negative effects on our health?
Women have to always take good care of their health.
The power station was not set up on falls because they rely on rainwater.
The food distributed isn't enough for the whole month.
He wrote a fake story about her father resigning from the company.
He was elected as the president of the Uganda Basketball Association.
While he was drunk, he embarrassed his wife before everyone.
Some children are eagerly waiting for schools to open.
How can the government stop political violence?
The election was postponed because some of the candidates were sick.
The first and second position in terms of telecom's market share is nearly cemented
Legal experts interpret the laws to the public.
There is no way she could stop the swing from moving.
The situation will get better soon.
He is very brave and adventurous.
The government has donated tree seedlings to many farmers in this country.
Leaders have failed to enforce environmental laws.
Sarah Ngororano is the graphic designer of Independent Publications Limited.
His father is a very old man.
If these heavy rains continue, the district will face another landslide soon.
The president of that country has passed away.
Babies' teeth grow fast.
Did she say anything about me?
The people should engage in activities that control the spread of the virus.
The media houses have employed a number of journalists.
The solution to load shedding is building more dams.
I haven't used this desk in a while.
Kaggwa served the Legislative Assembly from two thousand one to two thousand six.
What nutrients are found in the milk?
Local governments are responsible to enforce regulations.
People should be united and embrace the spirit of togetherness.
He should find ways of thinking and solving problems.
They are renovating the classrooms at our school.
The Daily Monitor newspaper in Kampala in December twenty eighteen quoted Kagame.
Someone has dropped their money.
Our new teacher is a Kenyan.
He was good at Geography while in school.
We are defying Museveni.
I love reading storybooks.
Installing street lights in the whole city will be an expensive project.
I cannot leave this house without my children.
The prices of beef are high because of the Christmas season.
Children are advised to listen attentively to their parent's advice.
To avoid regrets, just always do what you love.
In Uganda, there is freedom of worship.
Traders are not following the rules.
My uncle planted maize on four acres of land.
New team members are being trained.
People's lives have been affected.
The general elections were peaceful.
The district leaders are looking out for solutions to improve the transport network.
My father was promoted to the rank of major general.
The national football team has many fans.
Many youths in Uganda have no jobs.
The students' performance has improved.
These figures in the year two thousand seventeen were picked from data by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute.
The district lacks finances to monitor positive and suspected cases of yellow fever.
The prison sentence for firearms possession is ten years.
I wonder why he left the desk so quickly.
We fetch firewood from the forest.
The thug has ordered a very cheap wine.
We all predicted that the visiting team will win the match today.
We all need to welcome refugees in our country.
People should give out their views on the taxation policies in the country.
She found out why he cheated.
There should be a way to contain the violence.
Ugandans are very hospitable.
Who is that playing with the door?
Children are a blessing from God.
The team is well prepared for the games.
The government should regulate the activities of betting companies in society.
Various stakeholders have discussed how best to enrol more students under scholarships.
The children were out skipping the rope.
Tenants may not effectively pay landlords because of the coronavirus pandemic.
Politicians tell a lot of lies during campaigns.
The basketball team sold off all their seasonal tickets.
The district officials will supervise and regulate road construction in the area.
Police investigators are everywhere.
There are no permanent structures on his piece of land.
The government has allowed sports activities to resume.
The company will help to generate power for the region.
There was a national blackout.
Her guardian lost his job during the lockdown.
The decisions we make today should be able to benefit future generations.
Twenty-one billion dollars will be saved in a decade
In Uganda, the best honey is produced in Bushenyi.
There are reports of mismanagement of funds in tree distribution.
He has accumulated millions of savings on his bank account.
One of the best footballers died.
Fresh application for registration as a voter shall not be accepted during this display exercise.
Money is necessary for development.
Elly Karuhanga last week took over the chairmanship of Private Sector Foundation Uganda.
What should one do if he loses his National Identity Card?
The nation should be sensitized about the importance of agriculture.
Some teachers have inappropriate relationships with students.
The school budget has not been shared.
Encroachment on rivers will result in their drying up.
It is a good thing to have a bank account if you are working for the government
She is always the best student in the class.
Our national team has qualified for the international football competitions.
My husband took me back to the house but we slept in separate rooms.
The school management will sit to discuss the decline in the school's academic performance.
People are dying of simple diseases for lack of basic medical care.
No matter what comes my way, I am going to be the best.
As I listened to the radio this morning,
Football is one of the most sought-after sports in this country.
Why don’t you have your business insured?
I did not understand the explanation.
I will help my daughter to achieve her dreams.
The elections were delayed.
The congregation raised some funds for the renovation of their church.
Banks need to be transparent.
There are organizations that advocate for women's rights.
He has an application on his phone that tracks stolen phones.
The teacher confiscated his phone.
Several factors led to a fall in the budget.
He opened the bag himself.
Her sister's body was cut into twenty pieces and placed in a polythene bag.
Do you plan on doing anything this afternoon?
Yesterday, the tycoon denied all allegations of misappropriation of funds.
The government contributed money during the renovation of the Uganda martyrs' shrine.
Our team was selected to represent the district at the national soccer league.
The president should follow up on the issue of corruption with more vigor.
I must go to work every day.
Some Muslim leaders are causing disunity.
He drew a picture of his wife.
The court dismissed all the testimonies against the kidnapper.
Journalists arrived at the scene late.
Who is the mayor of Kampala?
The army targets four thousand recruits.
Stationery is now being taxed.
The conference took place in Abu Dhabi in November.
The team has arrived.
Very few politicians are credible.
This is on the condition that it is well researched and does not incite ethnic division.
The supermarket is very far from where I stay.
Agriculture is the major source of livelihood in Uganda.
He publicized his relationship with her.
Why didn’t you call me yesterday?
I listened keenly to the president's speech.
National heroes day is celebrated on an annual basis in June.
Your friend is disorganized.
She submitted the house plans to her client yesterday.
People got an income-generating opportunity which has improved their social life.
They scored a goal within the first two minutes of the match.
Women were stopped from contesting for any political positions.
Most people do not go for medical checkups not until its late.
Several associations have been started to support the girl child.
He explained why we needed to have the elections soon.
What was the cause of the fire outbreak?
Many infants have lost their lives.
That family is suffering from poverty as they cannot even afford food.
Some church activities require funding.
You will dress up from my room.
Avoid misappropriation of funds.
The number of coronavirus cases in the country has reduced.
The professor is the presidential advisor.
The Independent has an insightful analysis of current affairs.
How did he behave towards you?
He takes care of his body.
The virus is mostly found in areas with many people.
The painting has an elusive smile of the female subject.
Teachers should promote unity in schools.
How many bottles has he drunk so far?
It is hot outside.
We use hoes to dig in the field.
The shopkeeper cut down some of the costs in order to attract customers.
That hospital is providing free medical care to flood victims.
She did not make any antenatal visits.
She loves listening to gospel music.
We wash our hands with soap and water after using the toilet.
Floods displaced people during the rainy season.
There are many con men in town.
He received treatment from the doctor yesterday.
This initiative will improve the standard of living for women in the country.
The sky is blue.
Heavy rains can lead to the collapse of poorly constructed bridges.
Government aided schools are supported and financed by the government.
We were very happy when the lockdown was lifted.
She plants vegetables in her backyard.
Being faithful and trustworthy are should be every Christian core values.
I learnt a lot during my term of office.
Every business is struggling in this pandemic.
Nothing said in this discussion should be disclosed to the public.
My boyfriend hid the engagement ring inside my birthday cake.
How can the government support local businesses?
My salary is too low to sustain me.
The sports ground has not been in use since March last year.
This is the only way of reaching out to farmers in those areas.
The tailor designed a beautiful dress for me.
Workers can strike if not paid in time
When farmers get information about disease outbreaks early, it helps them to plan better.
During the lockdown, most employees got an opportunity to work from home.
The government has discouraged poaching in the country by putting up strict laws.
This yellow leaf with a purple base is diseased.
The national council for higher education regulates institutions of higher learning.
He turned eighteen yesterday.
He won the elections because most people in the village knew him.
I retired ten years ago.
I am not in a guessing mood.
The minister read the speech at the graduation ceremony.
My mother is expectant.
I think everyone in this life has faced challenges before.
What were some of the challenges faced by people during the pandemic?
Introducing a law about mental health is not a good idea.
Please go and consult her.
Many children lack school fees.
Most football teams have signed new players to improve on their performance.
Two people were killed during the night security operation in our town.
The procurement process has several steps involved in it.
He claims that his wife started the argument.
The first lady of Uganda will be the guest of honour.
More people have succumbed to coronavirus during the second wave than in the first wave.
The idea was welcomed by the board members.
When sportsmen win international awards, they boost the tourism industry in Uganda.
The National Forestry Authority is responsible for conserving forests in Uganda.
Uganda's education system should shift from teaching history to current affairs.
My husband gives me money every Saturday to buy home foodstuffs.
People no longer walk long distances to access medical services.
Some patients have not fully recovered from the sickness.
The bank has given me up to Wednesday to have paid the loan.
Wetlands and forests have been destroyed for settlement.
People need compensation to relocate to other areas.
Officers should not neglect their duties.
What are the qualities of a good salesman?
We need to make sure there are no mosquito-infested areas near our homes.
They also opened fire on civilians.
Most big stones are heavy and immovable.
It is expensive to buy cars for all the members of parliament.
There are very many corrupt officials.
Husbands and wives should forgive each other's mistakes.
Many countries came together to fight the rebels in North Africa.
He was among the soldiers sent to Somalia.
I would like to fly in an aeroplane.
In the meeting, the task force was encouraged to work harder.
Everyone is concerned about her health.
The price of cooking oil has greatly increased.
The distribution of these scholastic materials will begin next week on Tuesday.
Exercises are very good for maintaining a healthy body.
You can easily contact your beloved ones via phone.
The taxi driver was given a severe penalty for violating the standard operating procedures.
Some opposition leaders are relating the recent fire at Makerere University to politics
The elections have been postponed."
Her parents denied her the opportunity of going to school.
Healing and reconciling give one peace of mind.
They also donated hoes and maize seeds.
She was accused of disobeying the committee.
The coach is worried that his team has not trained well for this game.
There is a lot of wastage of electricity in Uganda.
Most of the people in this country use taxis to go to work.
The public demand government to release the people who were arrested during the campaigns.
The budgeting process commenced.
People need to go for medical check-ups frequently.
He is a wonderful drama actor.
The collateral damage that occurred is difficult to put in monetary terms.
The Allied Democratic Forces were to fight the Kampala government President Yoweri Museveni.
Cultural leaders should sensitize their communities to take part in commercial Agriculture
The mayor will assume office next month.
The police were informed about the ongoing threats.
Elections should always be peaceful.
Teachers should work together and implement plans for the development of schools.
The organization educates children about abstinence and sexually transmitted diseases.
Parents have agreed to support schools in nurturing the learners during holidays.
We should follow the standard operating procedures to reduce the spread of coronavirus.
Free competition is a powerful force.
It has been long since I last fought.
He is the best football player on the African continent.
It costs five and a half million dollars with four bedrooms, a living room, and a kitchen.
The committee is calling upon members to clear their contribution in time.
She feared that the pandemic might be a huge setback for the company.
All groups of people should have fair representation in parliament.
l have a vision of what I want to do.
My passport is expired, it needs to be renewed.
Garbage attracts flies.
What is the need for curfew?
When their mother and father died, they went to stay with their uncle.
Those who were against building a new church were expelled from the committee.
It also promotes the propagation of questionable information.
How should a normal home look like?
The accused escaped from the hospital where he was taken for treatment.
People had light in their homes and phone charging terminals.
The maize leaf has been eaten as a result of fall armyworm.
Breweries aid Busoga's Kyabazinga Information Technology companies to eye the international market.
City roads have become impassable due to floods.
The hospital will be built in remembrance of the fallen president of Uganda.
Human trafficking has increased.
A female from Congo that was confirmed to have Ebola virus has passed on.
What is the expenditure?
We received more people at the party than we had anticipated.
She tried to bleach in order to change her dark skin.
They did not like the food.
This leads to unnecessary expenses on tyre replacement.
The young man was arrested yesterday.
Few people received the covid relief funds.
Politics involves making risky bets when one takes a loan expecting a cabinet position
Comedy was done in the local language.
My brother and sister are always arguing.
Is that a wholesale shop?
Some of the houses built in Uganda are of poor quality.
This idea was welcomed by the residents.
Human rights ought to be respected.
The training center received a donation from the government of the Netherlands.
Social media has been used to run a fake story about his death.
Her mother watched her die.
The task force managed to contain the spread of diseases in the district.
The accused was charged with treason.
He has joined the police force.
The ballot papers were printed from Dubai.
Very few people use that path.
Many people think retirement is about accumulating money in the bank.
That girl talks too much.
Have you carried out the feasibility study?
She had not included rice on the shopping list.
He was elected yesterday.
That organization aims to support children who dropped out of school during the pandemic.
Some politicians make promises to voters but after elections, they never visit the constituents.
Teachers use lesson plans during the teaching process.
Good roads contribute to economic development.
That team has substituted players three times during this netball game.
Girl child education should be promoted.
The staff quarters need immediate attention because they are in poor condition.
In Ugandan law, one is innocent until proven guilty.
How are public concerns on the national budget handled?
There are many forms of corruption.
A lot of youths are joining the University for further studies.
Severe birth defects can arise from pregnant women getting Rubella
What is the purpose of celebrating Father's Day?
Our netball team did not make it to the finals.
One of the members died after the incident.
Adequate planning needs to be done in order to grow the education sector.
Imagine three ministers going to parliament to issue three statements about the same subject?
The organization is installing water pipes around the village.
Can you sing the national anthem?
How many members are in the choir?
People love access to free resources.
He managed to complete school because of the support from his education sponsors.
They missed their flight because their coronavirus test results hadn't yet been released.
The monkeys were swinging from one tree branch to another.
They did not accept the new changes.
The government spends quite a lot of money on compensations.
We all used different directions but reached the event at the same time.
Uhuru, Godfrey Nyakana, the National Resistance Movement chairperson for Kampala.
The sales for this year are more than those for last year.
Most businesses survive on the existence of customers.
Social gatherings were banned due to coronavirus.
Milk has lots of health benefits.
The corrupt political-machine system has over decades improved albeit slowly.
Artists make a lot of money from international tours.
The elevator doors refused to open because there was no power.
We watched the football game from the television.
I need a new cell phone.
Being unmarried does not mean that he does not have any responsibilities.
Some refugees are depressed.
Whether the money is stolen from the state or acquired honestly is irrelevant.
Each golf team has to register with two hundred thousand Ugandan shillings.
I decided to ignore his rude remarks.
What happens if both teams have a similar score from the match?
Muslims are usually alleged to violent acts.
They should be commended for being selfless
He is one of the students the bank offered to sponsor at the university.
My parents are coming back from the village next week.
Which car are you going with?
We need a technical person for this job.
The journalist reported about the challenges financial institutions are facing.
The shelves of the shop were empty.
Crowds gathered at the finishing point, cheering to welcome the tired runners.
Gulu district is one of the districts in Uganda.
Parents are encouraged to teach their children basic manners before sending them to school.
They were educated about reproductive health.
It was never expected of a religious leader.
Many men mistreat their wives.
I was a waitress at a popular restaurant during my senior four vacation.
The killers came into the house a few days earlier.
Leaders work together in a government of national unity.
The protesters requested the government to open the market for business.
The government of Uganda has encouraged power transmission in the area.
The new church leaders were warmly welcomed.
The sugarcane business was not profitable last season.
People have different fears in life.
How big is your farm?
Uganda is focusing on farming.
Most government employees need training.
The rebellion led to the death of many innocent people.
The documentary was shot during the day and people can see themselves on the big screen discussing issues at night.
Water at lower pressure flows slowly.
If it is difficult to come to terms with my pace, I will remove one of the tyres.
He was arrested for driving while drunk.
The region has only one health centre.
When the coronavirus cases go down, the lockdown is lifted.
The lion is a fierce animal.
Disclosing who pays for the message is one alternative.
The leader has many bodyguards.
The neighboring countries will be affected economically if a war broke out in this country.
The district has reduced the level of respiratory cases.
Many people do not agree with the land bill.
The cross-border restrictions were uplifted by the president in his last press conference.
Uganda is gifted by nature.
Buying a helicopter was on the budget for this financial year.
On many occasions, soldiers have been deployed in different foreign countries.
What are the benefits of laughing?
Ambulance drivers are being addressed on service delivery.
There are many land wrangles in Uganda.
Some athletes cannot afford to run marathons.
They have been friends since high school.
The church has greatly motivated people to plant trees.
That football stadium is under construction.
We are proud to have the fastest runner in our country.
It had little money, poor organization, and harassment.
The lawyer who defended her in court passed away.
Uganda is a member of the African Union.
The teacher was angry at the students' misconduct in the class.
There was no evidence that the minister was under lawful police custody.
Why do children go to school?
The district does not follow up on the positive cases within the district.
A lawyer by profession.
His pigs were infected with the swine flu.
There is a high interest in adventure among the youths.
We should spray all mosquito habitats near our homes.
The referee awarded our team a penalty kick.
More hospitals were constructed to enable easy access to health services.
The media has played a crucial role in protecting children's rights through awareness.
I don’t know what to say.
I have a lot of things to do.
He broke the agreement they signed to regulate their competition.
All leaders must aim at fighting child marriages.
There are many kinds of coronavirus treatment options.
Some politicians from the opposition are only concerned about their welfare.
How much do you earn?
I cannot save any money because I have many expenses to cater for.
The district should inform people about the dangers of coronavirus.
Most people who did not finish school cannot get jobs in this country.
Barkcloth is used for making crafts and wall hangings.
Some trees are used for making paper.
The government has invested more resources into the healthcare system.
Most people will never treat you kindly.
He made beautiful curtains from a fabric got from barkcloth.
This hospital provides health care to most of the people in the area.
Are you a citizen of Uganda?
Do you know the roles for the member of parliament?
I sometimes worked as a cleaner.
He won the elections.
Families and the community at large are faced with many challenges.
There have been so many misunderstandings in the family.
Some officers hide evidence while at crime scenes which disorganizes investigations.
Idi Amin Dada was the president of Uganda for eight years.
Some religious leaders mislead people these days.
Am going through so much pain.
How many goats do you have?
He was accused of illegally selling the land.
Land wrangles have often resulted in deaths and evictions
This ensures that recruitment into government employment is done on merit.
Physical activities are good for our health.
There are three things to remember here.
Elly Karuhanga murmurs over Kadaga's trip to Museveni's ranch.
The locals requested the government to help them repair the broken bridge.
The coach promised to lead the club to victory in the forthcoming season.
What do you know about that girl?
Pneumonia, diarrhea, and measles affect mainly children
Female artists should try to dress more appropriately.
We have not benefited anything from his governance.
Several people are arrested whenever there is a strike.
Salim Uhuru the Kampala central National Resistance Movement chairman.
My parents told me that they used to study under a tree.
He asked her to open the cave.
We bought it for road construction
They took part in the hospital's activities.
There is poor security in the area.
The market vendors in our town formed a saving group last month.
Many students are learning from home due to the pandemic.
The table was made of glass.
There are many communication companies in Uganda.
There have been many accidents on this road because of the potholes.
The funeral policy claim approximately eight million Uganda shillings.
The main building in Makerere University was destroyed by fire.
Their fallout with the National Resistance Movement was driven by personal suffering.
People are scared of losing their lives.
How does domestic violence affect a woman?
Thank you for turning up for this meeting.
We do not know why she canceled her flight ticket.
Lightning usually strikes during the rainy season.
The journalists had a nine-month training program to equip them with more skills.
As a result of the lockdown, the musicians have resorted to online performances.
I took over the position of company director from my father.
Journalists believe they can say anything.
Some pupils can not study on radio or television because they don't have them.
The supplementary budget was presented before parliament.
My mother is sixty seven years old.
An international organization is training women to make their own sanitary pads.
He was the fourth in class.
Birds are enjoying themselves in the air
The old leaders should leave power to the younger generation.
One of the officers was proved innocent by the disciplinary court.
People are investigating a lot in agriculture.
Everyone should respect each other's religion and norms.
A plan to enable telecom companies to use the same equipment is being developed.
The clock tower is not there anymore.
A lot of money is needed to clear the debt.
The football team is left with three matches to play.
He was hunted by the police after committing murder.
Power belongs to the people.
They were all shocked when she walked into the room.
The farmer groups will receive agricultural support.
The weekly physical meetings have been put on hold because of the pandemic.
Government has decided to increase the salaries of teachers.
All Ugandans have to stand together as one.
He has to use a wheelchair for his whole life due to the damage to his spinal cord.
The government is reluctant to provide them with adequate security.
People lack the income to meet their basic needs.
All truck drivers should be vaccinated against coronavirus.
What are the different ways of acquiring land in Uganda?
The club supporters are happy with the performance of their players.
People no longer have time to listen to the radio.
The Independent Policing Oversight Authority survey also reported.
He has challenged Museveni in four presidential elections over sixteen years.
The opposition has at least some political support from discontented nations.
Some people afford to smile even when they are in pain.
Gender-based violence a very ancient practice.
Human sacrifices are due to the ungodly nature of people.
Very few Ugandans eat rabbit meat.
The church should welcome people regardless of their financial standards.
Uganda should work with its neighbours to ensure peace in the region.
Who won the boxing championship?
The workshop ended earlier than planned.
People have been informed of the symptoms of yellow fever.
That is where the desire to own a house starts.
If they accept the terms of the race and participate in the elections.
Do not involve yourself in other people's battles.
What inspired you to become a lawyer?
Moslem men are allowed to marry more than one wife.
We shall be having the meeting in twenty minutes.
The government will increase the number of food supplies for refugees.
The documents I took to the bank were proven to be fake.
She donated school books to the orphans in her village.
How many professional courses have you done?
Five youths were arrested and detained.
All veterans are entitled to access health care.
Cultural leaders can be used to sensitize their communities on proper nutrition.
Our new stock of clothes will arrive tomorrow.
Everyone is accountable for their own actions.
The residents were not informed about the survey.
Hand washing can prevent the spread of certain diseases
She went to live with her parents after her house was destroyed by a fire.
Teachers should always guide their students.
Either you are inside or outside.
Many farmers lost their cattle to poisoning.
I am blessed to have you in my life.
The diocese bought a brand new lorry to solve transport issues.
What punishment is given to those that dishonor court orders?
The project should benefit the people in the local community.
My mother is hosting a party for her friends at our home.
Her phone is in vibration mode.
What causes accidents on the road?
Bullies make other people's lives miserable.
Her job is to clean all the tables in the restaurant.
The church service includes one hour for praise and worship.
Accounting plays an important role in running a business.
Women and girls are always advised to move in groups to avoid abuse.
Refugees with guns will be dealt with by the police.
Corruption is a great hindrance to development.
What is required in opening up a bank account?
Do's and Don'ts have been put in place to actively control the spread of coronavirus
What is the average household income in Uganda?
Isolate yourself in case you have any symptoms of coronavirus.
Rwandan President Paul Kagame spoke strongly about people trying to destabilize Rwanda.
He spent the whole day at the Police station.
Will he make the right choice?
These businesses have been closed since last year.
The people who did not heed the presidential directives were warned.
Who bought that dress for her?
Witchcraft is bad and evil.
He was worried about his children's health.
Her nephew was accused of stealing the family land title.
It has rained all day.
For how long have you been friends?
The conflicts will be solved using the colonial map to demarcate the districts.
He was hospitalized because he couldn't breathe well.
You can not rely on everyone.
You delayed applying for that job.
Most of his clients take goods on credit.
She doesn’t think about marriage.
I enjoy being at work and checking to know how things are going.
Hospitals should employ enough medical officers to operate efficiently.
Discriminating women hinders them from advancing their careers.
The coronavirus cases have reduced worldwide.
Some of the big shops in the city are owned by women.
This has been an indictment on the East African Community and its framework.
Your accountable to everything that you do.
The church has established a hospital on one of its land in town.
These landslides occurred in the Eastern region of the country.
He hurt his knee when he fell.
Look left and right before crossing the road.
Part of the stolen money was recovered.
Despite all these efforts, police brutality continues.
That district is in Eastern Uganda.
Supporters of different opposition parties are fighting each other.
Anthrax is one of the animal diseases.
My brother advised me to apply for an engineering course at the university.
My brother followed me to the party to observe what I was doing.
The men are always portrayed as strong.
Convert all the dollars to shillings.
He was arrested for selling stolen fish.
Our football coach needs to change his tactics.
While in business activities we should respect each other.
His candidate promises to increase the agricultural sector budget by ten percent.
There are many interesting articles in today's newspaper.
Many new businesses have challenges with sustainability.
God created us all in His image.
There is a need to settle the disagreement privately.
He is contesting for a parliamentary seat.
He criticized his colleague for picking fights with other employees.
The club will launch its strategic plan, anthem and the bus project.
The ministry aims at maintaining a healthy lifestyle among the people.
The coronavirus test is very expensive.
Eggplants always grow best under warm conditions.
We contributed ten million Ugandan shillings towards the school sports day.
There will be a blood donation drive at the school playground tomorrow.
A monument was built in remembrance of the national heroes.
My daughter is contesting for the post of the head girl at her school.
He photographed the police officers during the training.
It is advisable to take a premature baby for a check-up every two weeks.
What health facilities do you have?
She was elected the new vice-chairperson of the company.
Many musicians turned up for the event.
How many funds did the hospital receive from government?
The police arrested the gang of boys who murdered that old woman.
Everyone has equal human rights.
Some women were raped before being killed.
The management made the decision.
The market got burnt.
Why were the Asians sent away?
Uganda national roads authority is effective at road construction.
Some wiper blades do poor wiping when put to the test.
The district police commander accepted to follow up on the incident.
The public needs to be sensitized about the benefits of family planning.
There is a growth of Palliative care and access to controlled medicines in Uganda.
Now his toughest challenge is to live up to the task.
The problem is about high production and low consumption
Some children suffer a lot from bacterial infections.
There are many police officers in Kampala.
The president has appeared more than twenty times on television.
Police officers can be suspended from duty.
Very few people donated blood last year.
I don't like black colour.
Exposure to sunlight and atmospheric pollution causes the rubber to age.
The president wants his political party to win.
It is unclear how he will handle the COVID-19 situation at this time.
They should cut down on their expenses.
I inherited my grandfather's guitar when he died.
There is an army barracks in that village.
We have several divisions in Uganda.
Be a joyful and diligent worker.
Leaders advised their constituencies to live in harmony.
The bishop usually delegates certain responsibilities to the archdeacon.
In some cultures, a virginity check is a life or death situation.
Tourists come from all over the world to visit the Namugongo shrines.
It was revealed that agricultural company Green Horizon was a front for Israel.
The king has been captured by the rebels.
Government has given aid to the victims of floods that occurred last month.
Once you pledge you should endeavour to fulfil your pledge.
Places of worship are a source of hope to the majority of the people.
She holds very high expectations of the future.
The old man was taken to court.
Many people are infected with the disease.
School children should be vaccinated against Polio and Measles.
His neighbours helped a lot in stopping the fire from spreading.
It has been a while since the last national population census was carried out.
Many people died as a result of a car accident.
The Ministry of Health issued coronavirus self-quarantine guidelines.
Most universities in Uganda are producing fake engineers.
The University is to pass out over fifty graduates.
A vehicle maintenance schedule helps to keep the vehicle in good condition.
Some legislators presented their concerns to parliament regarding the increased murder cases.
Politicians claimed that media campaigns are not effective.
What is your cultural background?
Authorities have the obligation to prevent crime.
Civil servants are the most corrupt public officials.
What do we need to create a corruption free country?
Every business needs to pay its taxes on time.
Where does your friend study from?
Our company needs more skilled manpower to produce quality services.
It is a potential source of income to farmers.
Marriages are intended for grown-ups.
The summit had taken place in Arusha to mark the East African Community's milestone.
Ordinary constituents have a concept that their legislator is a financial helper
The food I ordered has arrived on time.
The security guard walks with his dog and a torch during the night.
Corruption is the way the governance system works in Uganda
Leaders are elected into office to serve the public.
How many participants were in the one hundred meter race?
The football team has resumed training ahead of their next game.
What time is the burial?
I doubt that people will turn up for voting.
Baseless allegations lead to loss of critical time
Prime Minister’s and President’s Office share part of the resettlement cash.
Nobody including knows how many passengers died or were in the boat.
He wanted to join us on the trip but he wasn't able to.
The presidential candidates met up today.
I reserved for him a seat next to me.
They saw patients with highly infectious diseases being cared for in special isolation units
The government does what it can to protect its people from the coronavirus
The organisation wants to improve the welfare of the people.
Hospital care costs are very high.
The government has lost money in the tourism sector as a result of the pandemic.
The agreement was hailed by many as significant when it was signed.
By that time I was convinced that there was corruption.
The different types of services vary from one vehicle to another.
Different groups of people, once in a while, come up to do community work.
The manager of that bank has been accused of fraud.
The team illegally received funds.
The leaves have pods because of the pests.
People should be informed about the importance of wetlands.
How much is a flight ticket from Uganda to the United States?
They voted for him because they thought he would win.
He is worried that he may be late for the job interview.
Many locals have started putting up small businesses to support their families.
The minister will be in Northern Uganda to solve land disputes.
The football team got young players every year to replace the old ones.
He already knew that he had lost the election to his opponent.
The day of his memorial is a public holiday.
Only twenty people attended the event.
Giving a court date depends on a number of issues
Vaccination helps prevent diseases.
He won his first gold medal during the athletic games.
The wedding committee wanted to know how she spent the money on food.
Police should not involve themselves in chaos.
Cultural music has a lot of educational messages.
We won the match against the neighboring school last month.
The number of deaths related to the landslide is high because this area is overpopulated.
Landlords in Kampala are to start paying taxes for their houses.
The public is encouraged to report all crimes to the police.
It doesn't make sense if media houses are stopped from covering news concerning politics.
Kawempe hospital is being discussed on a radio program
She said we should embrace our talents.
He has a unique outfit.
The courts of law provide justice to the public.
People with HIV are reminded to pick their medicine on time.
Government scholarships have given students an opportunity to study at the university.
Chaos usually incites violence among people.
You need to take a bath.
On November seventeenth, in eastern Rwanda, Burundian soldiers were hit in a night attack.
We are advised to observe the standard operating procedures.
There is goat racing at the playground this afternoon.
The training involves headteachers, teachers and parents.
Corrupt politicians who are generous in their ethnic or religious communities win elections.
Many children participate in the scout`s week.
Young girls get money from making doughnuts, cakes and chapati.
The workers received the awards at the Last Mile forum at Louvre Abu Dhabi.
He talked while shivering because he was frightened.
Teenage pregnancies are on the increase and something should be done about it.
As suspected bombs are reported in the news, the situation is not safe.
We were availed with money to start up businesses.
The parliamentary committee has delayed passing the bill.
One hundred sixty-eight of the graduates are industrial plumbers.
Broadcasting began in the twenties and thirties
The president signed off the bill and it became a law.
More money was donated to renovate the hospital.
He promised never to leave me.
He was arrested for attacking his neighbors with a panga on their land.
The doctor advised her to eat a balanced diet.
They brought bonds from the bank.
His schoolmates admire his intelligence.
We will stick with what was agreed on in Angola.
Most jobs want people with experience.
Some politicians have indeed been accused of racial killing ideas.
Eating a balanced diet keeps the body strong and healthy.
Food was mainly given to the elderly, the disabled and pregnant women.
Their good work was reflected in these difficult times
We need to plant more churches in the community.
There are different organizing committees from other parts of the country.
The bars will not be opened this year.
It's always good to socialize with people suffering from this disease.
Do you have a role model?
A new committee has been appointed to supervise the project.
Her boss is an Indian.
The public has a legal right to participate in political matters.
Police should learn from these party primaries.
The records show that the party has sunk into bribery.
We have a cancer institute in Mulago hospital.
What were some of the restrictions set by the government to reduce the spread of the pandemic?
Oil exports will bring in a lot of money for the country.
Virginity faking capsules are available on the market.
He was also suffering from yellow fever.
Refugees have been empowered to work on several practical projects.
Coronavirus has killed more people this year than any other disease.
People lack treated mosquito nets.
The rebels have attacked this village two times.
New leaders come with new ideas.
All sorts of measures are being used to save lives.
Political candidates followed the Electoral Commission guidelines during their campaigns.
The football team organized a small party to celebrate their victory.
Are chaos events a concern to the police?
What is the meaning of nepotism?
The success of a project should be measured by its results.
Human resource personnel is needed for the upcoming mosquito net campaign.
The program aims at grooming students to be the leaders of tomorrow.
Some church leaders were sent to court.
Most church buildings need to be renovated.
Everyone deserves equal opportunities.
The prisoners took advantage of the police's negligence and escape.
They give them small gifts like paying fees and medical bills.
The chairman was appreciated for his good service.
The walk brought together different government agencies, religious, traditional, citizens, and civil society leaders.
We got a new football coach.
The area was on high-security alert because of the recent crime in the area at the time.
It is one of the biggest mining companies in Africa.
It is not wise to buy a car at this time.
Leaders gathered for a workshop yesterday.
She is the best wedding photographer in our town.
Where can I start from?
The president of Congo was infected with coronavirus.
This court case is taking longer than we anticipated.
To survive, Rwanda must strike first.
Burkina Faso led with a fifty-two percent increase.
The organization focuses on fighting the rights of women with children.
Wars negatively affect business operations.
Majority of heart complications in Uganda are referred to other countries.
There are some corrupt officials in the district court.
District governments need to agree on what's best for their communities
He has earned a lot of money based on his talent.
Muhammed was the last prophet, according to Islam.
I just paid my daughter’s school fees.
There will be no refunds for the illegal transactions.
There is an increase in wildlife animals every year.
This shows a shallow understanding of the situation on the ground.
Women have to be empowered to access and carry out different activities
In everything you do, accountability is required
He revealed that the first Swarm Summit and Tech Expo on November twenty-second twenty nineteen.
There is a huge communication gap between the two parties.
Besigye sees the pointlessness of basing strategic moves on grievance without a fight.
He promised to come back later.
Through corporate social responsibility, organisations can reach out to the community.
The media captured the arrest of one of the aspirants of the presidential seat.
He has been handsomely rewarded.
Those found guilty of unfit behavior should be held accountable for their actions.
Only twenty people were invited to the wedding ceremony.
The rubber blade pulls the droplets of water away from the driver’s field of vision.
People need money to survive.
Personal hygiene is one of the ways to avoid the spread of diseases.
Scientific wedding ceremonies are less costly.
She seats on the school board of directors.
She is concerned about his brother's mental health.
How much did this watch cost you?
I started up a piggery project last year.
Many accident victims suffer from broken legs
The headteacher will also benefit from this project.
Who is in charge of government officials' transfers?
The fire burnt down my neighbour's house last week.
The market was closed for renovations two months ago.
The schools are still under closure till further notice from the president.
The hospital is holding a blood donation drive this Saturday.
They do not want something very hard.
The public has been urged to avoid handshaking and hugging at all times.
The suspects are in police custody.
He is still in prison.
Can you give me directions to your church?
The Household head has a role in disease prevention
Family and friends can visit.
The village has been infected with Ebola.
The priest condemned teenage pregnancies.
I would like to visit Queen Elizabeth national park.
It is the highest mountain in the country.
All newly elected leaders were congratulated.
The president paid his respects to the lives that were lost in the bombings yesterday.
Each home should plant one tree to fight climate change.
The cricket team has no time to rest.
Some bridges were made of timber.
How do we benefit from this project?
The people of Arua elected a new Muslim leader.
The district put in funds for the installation of lights, but they were not purchased.
The money should be given to the task force.
I urge you to embrace the use of Digital services across different platforms.
Hospital workers go on strike over delayed salary payments.
A woman is pregnant for nine months.
This is the man that your father was referring to.
The architect informed his client that construction would be over in two weeks.
The exhibition looks at embracing the history of Amin and appreciating culture.
She prefers to do her work alone.
The district lacks enough funds to implement developmental projects.
The district needs more funds to complete the water drilling project.
Some animals feed on others.
Motorcyclists are easily knocked down by vehicles on the road.
Where did the money come from?
Many of the current member of parliaments lost in their party elections.
People have limited access to water services.
The general public has positively responded to wearing masks during this season.
The national blood bank collects a thousand units of blood from people annually.
They have a history of poor leadership.
The ministry wanted to prevent hospitals from harbouring the disease.
I like this song.
The hospital received a computer to register patient records.
I am not doing business with you.
There are reports of high rates of corruption in district governments
Begging for things such as fees and jobs around their shared problems.
The speech anointed Facebook as the "Fifth Estate".
There is a hindrance with the payments.
He projected the pandemic to end in five years based on the present facts.
She always greets customers with a smile.
This means the boat was in a dangerous mechanical condition.
The school disciplinary committee punished a student for disrespecting teachers.
The reform program did not lead to substantial changes.
He has donated ten million Ugandan shillings to that orphanage.
She was very popular in school.
Judges make their ruling based on the evidence provided.
I missed attending his father's funeral.
That man is the police spokesperson in this region.
Drama is very fun.
The high levels of water in the Nile brought about the flooding.
This time it's their turn to lead the union.
Police have been the greatest tormentor of the opposition.
The ministry will monitor vaccination against Ebola in West Nile.
The other parties have presented this matter to the forum.
An incident is something that has occurred.
They presented the budget during the parliamentary meeting.
Police constructed a three-storeyed structure and also installed monitoring gadgets.
The government spent a lot of money buying insecticides to spray the locusts.
People entering the country should be tested for coronavirus at the airport.
Many Muslims go to Mecca every year.
Muslims are celebrating Eid.
He has been in office for a year.
The government should construct more maternity health facilities.
Corporate algorithms are now the "centralized power" in control of that consumption.
I am teaching my children to manage their emotions.
They work under strict laws.
The legislators felt sorry for the people who were cheated out of the grant.
His live radio and was drawing a million listeners daily.
Refugees face many challenges in the new places they settle.
There is a bank in the trading center.
Some people are changing their names nowadays because there is no law against it.
They surveyed the land illegally.
But Kenya and Uganda are far behind countries like Angola.
What plans do you have for the weekend?
Millions of women experience violence in their homes.
Staff recruitment was strictly by merit and given to those who passed interviews.
The internet was shut down during election time.
The open hostility has a longer history of mutual suspicion and tension obscured."
The report will be submitted at the end of the study.
It was too late for her to travel alone in the night.
Her aunt is a professional accountant.
Refugees need to be helped while in a new country.
She has been married for thirty years.
Who are the right beneficiaries for food?
Some University students change courses in the first semester.
Farmers should be encouraged to grow more coffee.
Youths should avoid smoking, taking alcohol and drugs.
Eye patients were considered outcasts in the region.
People should organise themselves in groups to get loans from the government.
Government has decided to register all people with personal guns.
The school has strengthened its team.
After your bachelor's degree, you can pursue a master's degree.
She has no interest in getting a second degree.
The three prisoners have been charged with murder.
Students will acquire knowledge about governance.
The university has put up new rules for international students.
Something written in a pencil is erasable.
Use every available opportunity to get to what you want.
At what time is the curfew?
Rising tension has been high at the Uganda-Rwanda borders.
He made an in-depth study of the political party.
People who used the service before the tax was reduced will be paid.
Does getting pregnant cause girls to drop out of school?.
The bank lending rates are high.
The Voters’ Register has a total of fifteen million voters.
His speeches were very brilliant.
Have we met before?
After the memorial service, we proceeded to the burial place.
The local people took the matter into their hands and hired their own security guards.
Anti-corrupt officials need to find ways of not being corrupted themselves.
Infinix Samsung five is to tap into the fastest Ugandan growing market segment.
The public has been sensitized on how to prevent coronavirus.
The bracelet had a piece of red and blue wool.
But it is also because people seem to respect rules.
My grandmother succumbed to breast cancer.
Many dark-skinned women are bleaching their skins of late.
People lack the income to take their children to school.
People will be equipped with skills to speed up the production process.
She hides her money under the mattress.
The school director faces defilement charges.
About five hundred teachers are hired in secondary schools.
People only turn up when they know there are donations.
I am, therefore, fully aware of the excitement which Uganda received.
News reporters should not be subjective in their service delivery.
Illegal hunting threatens the survival of the animals.
He could not stand upright because of his aching back.
The organisation has fed not less than eight villages.
We need to sign a contract before we do business together.
The elderly lady has pain in her limbs and back.
The security in the village was increased.
I am having a busy day.
They were sent to court.
The brigadier died eleven years ago.
Farmers have improved on the quality of banana products on the market.
How many coronavirus vaccination centres are available in the country?
Uganda has the highest number of buffalos in the world.
Who is behind the idea of splitting the diocese?
Excitement over military cooperation and military hardware almost obscured deals in nuclear, oil gas, agriculture, and diamonds.
He fought for the rights of the less privileged in this area.
I need to find a job before the year ends.
He is the best photographer in this town.
We had to release the money to do its cause
Uganda's minister of state informed the independent, that the country in question was Tanzania.
The pastor invites people to pray at his home every Friday.
Only the winner will be awarded.
They requested for money to organise the event.
At the fashion show, people design clothes and showcase their new designs.
What is the purpose of holding elections?
People with money engage in agricultural activities.
The council was looking for remedies to solve the existing challenges.
People should be sensitized about cultural beliefs.
International business relations are established through the import and export of goods.
I sent this letter a year ago.
Many countries are battling with the new wave of coronavirus.
They have not got enough beekeeping training.
The new head teacher in our government school has improved students' morals.
The allegations are on the left-leaning information choices made by social media platforms.
The heavy rains have destroyed schools in the refugee camps.
The district should reduce registration expenses.
The judge usually decides what happens in court.
Twenty people were buried in the landslide.
Their marriage ended because of poor communication.
The food did not taste nice today.
No entry in the classroom without a mask.
Until two thousand six, political parties were stopped from opening branches.
What are your biggest failures in life?
Police are investigating the cause of the fire.
He took it as a privilege to have dined with the rich people in the city.
There is unity among people in our community.
He called these people impostors.
How long is the journey from here to town?
The president promised to give each of the victims of the floods one million Ugandan shillings.
With the return of the Uganda premier league, football fans will be entertained.
He installed various applications on his phone.
She has taken the bicycle to the mechanic.
We go to the social media sites with the most users.
She accused him of stealing her bicycle.
He will be able to make smart decisions with his money.
She owns the best fashion shop in our village.
The lawyers talked to the police about the opposition candidate.
All leadership comes from God.
Politicians need to look out for political support.
Such parents should be punished.
Do politicians break their promises once in government?
Some schools could not meet the guidelines set by the ministry.
Motorcycles are easily stolen.
Institutes have now been accepted to train nurses.
The public is advised to follow the president's guidelines on Coronavirus.
I will stay here until it stops raining.
I improved by fifteen seconds when I repeated the same section.
Many traders complained about the space allocations in the new market in Busia.
Does such cheering suggest that it is succeeding?
The murdered boy was very young.
Did you come while running?
Husbands and wives are always having conflicts at home.
My brother enjoys playing tennis.
The second world war was caused by the failure of peace efforts between Germany and France.
The church needed an apologetic letter from the excommunicated Christian.
The officers urged people to stay home to avoid the spread of Coronavirus.
What was your father's reaction when you told him that you are getting married?
There are two entrances at the venue.
He sat down and drank his glass of water.
We are offering scholarships to vulnerable children.
The keys are in my jacket.
Election malpractice is on the increase in that district.
Many animals died yesterday.
Besigye participated in political activities since the late seventies.
Even the businesses surrounding these areas are feeling the impact.
There will be a change in the payment structure for civil servants.
They have a misunderstanding between them.
A lot of money is spent on road construction.
The second best runner was awarded a silver medal.
Many people have been infected with the coronavirus.
Some people are negative, and then they are marked positive.
The school with the best performance last year declined this year.
She spent the whole night crying.
He could not afford to pay for the class party.
Some medicines must be taken after eating food.
The residents have complained about the noise from the quarry.
She found favor before the boss.
Many black doctors are better than white doctors.
He asked me to lend him five million Ugandan shillings only.
There is a need to construct better roads.
He works as a journalist with the national television station.
He keeps his money with the bank.
My parents have been married for thirty years now.
What are the benefits of public transport?
Cultural leaders need to come to a consensus to prevent tribal wars
Moyo and Buliisa are the districts affected by yellow fever.
Only the top administrators were invited to the conference.
The rebel has been killed.
The authority responsible for wetlands has banned farming in swamps.
When are you planning to start a business?
Players with serious injuries do not play football.
The district has encouraged technical education in the area.
There were peaceful protests in Sudan in December two thousand nineteen.
Is it possible to completely eradicate coronavirus in the world?
I am going to check on the chicken in the oven.
The courts are solving the land conflict between the university and the villagers.
We should always be grateful to God.
Students from different learning institutions are in a two days workshop.
To be a successful footballer, you need to be talented and disciplined.
The Bishop had been invited to celebrate mass.
More coronavirus disease cases were revealed today.
In which stadium will the match take place?
All the cars will be inspected at the border.
The opposition party does not have enough money to oppose the elections.
We are still working online because of the pandemic.
What are some of the tour sites in your area?
There is currently no law.
Members should write their wills before they die.
What is the role of traffic officers on the road?
Why did government call for a lockdown during the pandemic season?
They informed the chairman about the event.
He is involved in politics.
The government has allowed educational institutions to open up for final year students.
Museveni's pushed for the closed-circuit television cameras.
Which jobs were advertised in the newspapers?
She leaned forward to whisper something in my ear.
He intends to ensure infrastructural development.
The two thousand twenty-one presidential election nears.
Most Christians celebrated Martyrs Day from their homes because of the pandemic.
He was free to choose whether to come to court or not.
The government has provided ten kilograms of maize to each person.
I just wonder what kind of image these legislators are showing to the youths.
Elderly should be given high positions in this country.
They shot him before robbing him.
She got a passion for catering from selling mandazi.
Cholera has broken out in Kampala because of poor hygiene.
Pneumonia can be caused by viruses, bacteria and fungi.
They were requested to return the money they had received.
Cassette tapes are no longer on market.
What is being done to help pregnant mothers in refugee camps?
After Law Development Center, he worked for the Libyan Arab Foreign Bank.
Make sure that your actions are within the law.
The team coach motivated the players before and during the match.
We had to add him to the guest list.
My little brother is a goalkeeper on the football team.
This organization supports orphans and widows.
The refugee settlement lies right next to the district.
I normally write down whatever comes to my mind.
My neighbour narrowly survived death last night.
The magistrate declared him guilty of impersonation.
The finals for the swimming competitions will be held next week.
The army attacked and killed the rebels last night.
She did not grow up with her parents.
The building will be finished by the end of the year.
There are many presidential candidates.
Christians should donate to their church communities for church projects
I bought a goat at three hundred thousand Ugandan shillings.
Two separate doses of a measles-containing vaccine are necessary.
The winner was crowned as the new miss Uganda.
We ate supper at six o'clock in the evening.
There is low agricultural output
What is the main function of the brain?
Some people think rich people are always happy.
Substantive chiefs are cultural leaders in some communities.
Bureaucracy is indispensable in government organizations.
Who qualifies for a police bond?
Older people lose their hearing senses as a result of age.
Couples are now advised to test for sickle cells disease before getting married.
The teams drew one to one in the final match.
When she was a youth, she would travel around East Africa.
You need to have enough money to carry out a wedding ceremony these days.
Regular inspection of newly constructed roads is needed for quality assurance
My sister has tested positive for malaria.
The women poultry project collapsed because of disunity among members.
Next year we will have a general election.
Schools should not increase school fees.
The jury represents over thirty countries.
They have continued to preach the word of God despite the pandemic challenges.
Our party was disrupted by rain.
The game was interrupted by heavy rains.
It takes teamwork to achieve a goal.
Villagers fetch water from the well.
The deal was accomplished by the world's financial players.
What can I do to keep my body healthy?
Uganda received foreign aid to fight coronavirus.
Poverty is one of the major causes of child labour.
On average seven percent of cases have been reported.
Unless he develops a game-changing strategy for all regions.
She did not sleep last night because she had a lot of work to do.
Areas like rain gutters and tree holes are breeding sites.
The manager declined the engineer's contract because his work was unimpressive.
Christians came together to respond to the needs of the clergy.
There was more damage in the bedroom because the fire started from there.
What can one do to overcome the addiction to alcohol?
Police operations can fail.
Teachers play a greater role in training pupils in sports activities.
The result is an attack on the model of shared information.
Some of the locals have no means of reaching the hospital.
The chair is too small for her.
We have to deal with some unfinished business.
She did everything in order to win her parents' trust.
Two organizations have sponsored the upcoming football tournament.
Flexibility should be allowed per institution.
The necklace was made from small beads.
The election results were announced after three days.
What is the role played by Christians in the church's expansion?
Women should occupy at least thirty percent of all decision-making organs.
Communities should participate in regular cleanliness drives.
He is a boda-boda rider.
Doctors should treat patients in a respectful manner.
What should be done to improve the health sector in Uganda?
The funds received will be used in a fight against coronavirus.
Caterpillars are commonly found on leaves and trees.
It was an Isuzu double cabin pickup with upper case number plates.
She has a very warm smile.
He said witchcraft cannot affect you unless you believe in it.
Most roadside markets lack enough parking space.
Fishing is the basic economic activity on Lake Victoria.
You shall find most of the shops in the trading centre.
I am preparing documents for the meeting tomorrow.
That hospital has run out of face masks for doctors.
Both men have been treated as suspects.
Every company is under pressure to provide a safe working environment for its workers.
The government does not have money to rebuild the airport.
Information Technology is a major driving force of the economy.
The district will be popular again.
If you cannot use a natural oil, choose the lightest oil possible.
In Uganda, the teachers are being vaccinated against coronavirus.
The sanitary prefect advised her fellow students to wash their hands after using the toilet.
a political party must win over influential pillars of opinion in ethnic and religious groups
My grandmother has passed away after a short illness.
Moslems are excited and hopeful about the new leadership.
There was a time when the water level in Lake Victoria was reducing.
In northern Uganda, malaria infections are high.
The ministry of agriculture gave out quality seeds to rural farmers last month.
The Ebola outbreak killed two thousand one hundred ninety-three people this year.
Why didn't you enrol to that mathematics course?
Many children have to walk to and from school.
The company has invited the public to buy shares.
Culture should be respected by political leaders.
A new hospital is being built.
Most of the religions we have in Uganda were introduced by the missionaries.
Most landowners have land titles.
The winds are very strong today.
Ugandan advises citizens to use money given to them to start businesses.
A dirty environment hinders business growth because it chases away customers.
The president is also the chairman of the ruling party.
Enrolment of unproven people into politics by the president will break the ruling party.
It is economically incentivized to drive people apart.
Who is in charge of preparing the national budget?
The revelation was made this morning in the capital city.
Her parents passed on last year in a car accident.
The bishop is responsible for the Anglican church.
Her sponsors gave her everything she needed at school.
Why are you drunk?
Her boss threatened to fire her if she refused to sleep with him.
He is survived by a wife and six children.
Unhealthy communities take longer to develop.
The report is under review.
That football team has not scored any goal during this season.
Pupils don't read when they are given automatic promotion.
They received funding for building a hospital.
The police submitted the report to the inspector general of police.
The president will address the nation today to provide further guidance on coronavirus.
Is it necessary to set a minimum wage?
Global media is interested in African football.
The news is being reported live from Rwanda.
The resident district commissioner will forward the requests of the people to the president.
Our science teacher was involved in an accident while on his way to school.
He was trapped in a difficult situation.
By the tone in her voice, I could tell that she was angry.
The army has ensured that the environment is protected and conserved.
Overcrowded places increase on the spread of diseases
People around the district attended his ceremony.
Some people are exempted from punishment.
The Independent magazine marks its six hundredth issue.
The solution for the violence lies elsewhere other than the political party structures.
Where is the nearest saloon?
All the students were expected to participate in the elections.
Roads are budgeted for almost every financial year.
When are you paying me back my money?
Uganda produces the second-best lawyers in East Africa followed by Tanzania and Rwanda.
Drinking too much alcohol over time can cause chronic physical and mental issues.
The football team has bought a new player.
The children were punished for disobeying their father.
Misaligned wheels cause problems with the stability of the automobile.
Coronavirus patients were isolated.
Farmers receive professional advice through cooperatives.
The rope was used to tie the mattress.
What did he use to come up with the paintings?
People should be aware of thieves.
Christians have raised money to support the expansion of their Church.
Students sometimes use the internet for research.
School health programs have helped to protect adolescents in schools.
Floods have affected more than one hundred people in our village.
She is a pediatrician.
My brother had to get two jobs to make enough money for tuition.
In elections, voters are allowed to vote for their preferred leaders.
The training program was cancelled due to political instabilities.
The number of teams in the Super League has been cut by half beginning next season.
How can stolen funds be recovered?
Mohamed bin Zayed is the Crown Prince of Abu
The opposition expected to win the election.
A team delivered a consignment at the Entebbe International Airport using the Ethiopian Airlines.
The government aims at enhancing technological innovations at the local government level.
People with disabilities have become self dependent.
The government will construct markets for the people.
There should not be any delays in delivering the work.
What is your style for successful management?
Women who are trained in turn train others who benefit from the skills.
Citizens enjoyed the services of the East African Posts and Telecommunications in Kampala.
People that make world records are recognized worldwide.
The youths in school should be acknowledged about their health-related issues.
My son is born blind.
More people are joining the political atmosphere in the country.
The meeting was to follow up on an earlier meeting in Kigali.
The achievements of the last fifty years inspire you.
Training equips us with more confidence.
The ambulance will help refugee communities to have access to better medical services.
Health workers will be given the support they need to find solutions for existing challenges.
People should stay safe.
Hospitals must have water and power in every ward.
What time do the fireworks start?
The people are now happy about having a representative.
We played five matches before making it to the finals.
The news about the president's illness was fake news.
Anyone who does not respect the guidelines will be arrested.
Animals also suffer from diseases.
Attaining a degree from the university was a very big achievement for him and his family.
According to him, some fathers neglect their responsibilities towards their children.
How can a person benefit from insurance?
People move long distances to see interesting things.
The company trains its new employees until they are familiar with the technology used.
They assume that their money has been misused.
Over two hundred children were baptised by the bishop last Sunday.
People need time and motivation to change.
She had the most unique outfit at the party.
The World Health Organisation has released a report about children.
Some health service providers exploit people in various ways.
We need to address all the mayor's comments.
She sold all the turkeys that she had at her place.
They are not on good terms with the government.
He was arrested for being idle and disorderly.
Ethnic discrimination and downgrading will no longer be accepted as usual.
Good road networks promote the growth of agriculture.
He has foreseen a situation where football clubs have become investment opportunities.
A relative amount of funds is allocated to the agricultural sector every financial year.
We were given two weeks to appear before the court.
His speech was very interesting.
That minister has advised the government to purchase land for the resettlement of the flood victims.
The doctor stated that the disease is on the rise amongst children.
Smoke at your own risk.
Our teachers who put in more efforts in teaching learners were greatly rewarded.
Clients prefer to use mobile banking because it saves time.
Few people were planned for during budget planning.
That man does not earn enough money to support his family.
The suspect was taken to the police.
With consistent revision, she managed to pass with good grades.
The elected leaders and other government officials are responsible for protecting the president.
Something unusual happened last night.
The team traveled to Egypt.
All elections in Kenya are conducted by the Electoral Boundaries Commission.
The moderator asked her a lot of questions.
In the past month, several youths have been trained in computer skills.
Have you submitted the course work?
Cancer is one of the most dangerous diseases in the world.
Talents can be exploited to generate income.
The shot soldier was not in critical condition.
There are many causes of gender-based violence.
Is consumption an infectious disease?
People are actively participating in community activities.
Once the political objectives have been achieved, there is no need to hold on to them.
There is a high theft rate of cars.
Some resources never serve the intended purpose.
We only picked ripe mangoes from the tree.
The club has the best football players in the country.
The attacks should not happen again.
I own a hair salon in my neighborhood.
Unemployment is one of the major causes of poverty.
There are many young talents in the music field.
Those who have enough items should help the needy.
This is where the fight started from.
The auditor general's report is made every financial year.
The girls in Northern Uganda were given reusable sanitary pads.
Everyone has a right to seek justice.
There are a lot of cars coming inside the country
Recently land grabbing has become very common in society.
All schools are to participate in the district music competitions without fail.
People with small lands can practice farming to earn a living.
He has a working experience of seventeen years.
A lion roars while a cock crows.
There is a water shortage in the whole university.
He hid the information from us.
They joined the military in alleged unclear circumstances.
How long does it take to construct a bridge?
They said that her conduct was bad.
Make sure your sim card is registered in your name.
Company staff are now testing positive for coronavirus.
Some people are careless.
Education is very important in the modern day world.
Ugandans are happy for the achievement of their football team.
She waited for her children at the airport.
He was imprisoned in jail for over ten years.
What has the government done to improve the tourism and travel industry?
He left the ruling party and joined the opposition.
The number of covid-19 patients has increased.
You need to have a clear goal before you set up a project.
The impressive level of organization was seen throughout the election.
What were you thinking?
Police misconduct in Kenya is not exceptional.
Tourism is a source of employment.
Indiscipline security officials are punishable by law.
The district officials look at providing enough food and quality education.
They talked about their experiences as mothers.
People connive with leaders to occupy the wetlands.
The literacy levels in Uganda increased by six percent compared to last year.
He invited journalists to address issues to do with the forthcoming election.
People need to be educated about the significance of education.
It is easier that way.
Some schools failed to produce a single first grade.
Animals protect their young ones from harm.
Lockdown of cities is something that only happens at rare incidences.
We should love and respect each other.
Organizing free and fair elections can ensure peace and stability.
Instead, Uganda said it would secure its border against militia forces.
Government workers always report late to work.
The city authorities have approved the plan for our proposed building.
I was fifty-four years old when I got married.
The three hundred teachers received sponsorships from the government.
More women are family breadwinners today.
There are several cases of judicial corruption witnessed in the country.
Every morning, that girl bypasses the market while on her way to school.
The identical twins can only be distinguished by their mother.
We shall formalize their job descriptions.
I need to learn how to bake cakes and bread.
It is safer to boil water before drinking it.
They also deserve to live happily like other workers.
He explains that it is time for young people to lead.
The resident district commissioner was transferred to Kiryandongo.
Sometimes court allows parties to resolve issues outside court.
Our country has many experienced journalists.
The priest led the mourners towards the deceased's grave.
He endured a lot of pain.
My friend was arrested this morning.
It is too dark, I can't see anything.
The district should establish new boreholes in the area.
Laws have been established to prevent people from killing others.
Businessmen are not happy with the new tax on imports.
We are monitoring the situation at the hospital.
Four people survived by holding onto pieces of the boat wreckage.
The patches on the leaves is not a good sign for the crop.
The destabilization of Sudan will create instabilities in other countries.
Media companies employ journalists.
There are many gaps in the security of this country.
She was happy to see her children again.
Most people do not watch the Uganda premier league games.
Presidential term limits were removed from the constitution.
She was defeated in the dance competition.
My mother sells fried fish by the roadside.
The top-performing academics are awarded for their hard work.
People should be involved in decision-making processes.
She is as beautiful as her mother.
She should remain calm all times even if the children have annoyed her.
I have outgrown my school uniform.
How are monitoring and evaluation done?
There is a high rate of unemployment.
I am sure you have something you can wear for the party.
The clinic misdiagnosed her with malaria.
She whispered something in his ears.
Sports players dedicate adequate time to prepare for the match.
Cigarette smoking causes lung cancer.
They went ahead and appealed.
Female youths are at a high risk of getting the virus.
The legislature has to address the issues that are affecting people most.
The teacher said he was grateful to have a job at the school.
The displaced people would be resettled no later than May 2010.
A special guest will be teaching the people about their rights.
Large plantations encroach on people's homes and are habitants to dangerous animals like primates.
I was in the hostel all throughout my university.
He feels propelled to tell her the truth.
The president issued a directive that taxis should not operate for three months.
I cannot graduate without this project.
Court orders have effects on investors.
The firm was forced to stop its operations.
He is one of the suspected criminals.
How would you take him on?
Most of the people in the district are illiterate.
Refugees have access to health facilities.
The government has increased security at the border.
The groundbreaking ceremony will take place at our king's palace
The constituency has one thousand voters.
Some of the locals lost their property in the landslide.
Diligent leaders change the community for the better.
Oil was discovered along the shores of Lake Albert.
Her face was shining and her mouth opened with a joyful smile.
The organization brings food items that the community cannot access.
Mountain Elgon is located on the border of Uganda and Kenya.
Leaders and school management should work together to achieve good performance.
Ambassadors represent the country's interests.
I have traveled across the country.
The Nairobi Stock Exchange-listed firm fell sharply in twenty-eighteen.
A lot of students' property got burnt in the dormitory.
Long ago, foreigners created colonies in Africa.
They can be responsible for disciplinary actions.
The officials claim the land belongs to the government.
The two leaders should have discussed their issues with each other instead of fighting.
He did not report to work yesterday.
Passengers were stuck on the airline due to the delay.
The sports committee has included new games in the upcoming championship.
From the twenty-seventh of February, Kigali stopped allowing travelers and Vehicles from Uganda.
A new administrator may do a good job but we don't know what constraints Bemanya faced
If a baby is not breastfeeding directly, hand-on pumping is another alternative.
Some people confuse medical illnesses with witchcraft.
She has been working abroad for two years.
His children neglected him.
The money should never have been rebated
People need electricity in their homes.
The cup is too small for him.
How many learners came to school today?
Religious and ethnic divisions create strong moral and psychological attachment identity among Africans
The walk took place to intensify the fight against corruption.
Henry Okello Oryem is Uganda's minister of state for international affairs.
In the past, the president was a powerful politician.
Opposition rallies should be legally enforced.
We ate breakfast at seven o'clock in the morning.
Robbery and killings cause insecurity in the area.
Do you have a Warid line?
The media has displayed various tactics used by criminals to get money.
The organization has used huge sums of money to buy these materials.
My sister's biggest problem is patience.
Four people were injured in the accident.
How long does it take the court to solve election petitions?
His truck was used to carry cargo during the war.
Go to every parish screening every single candidate for the upcoming elections.
Original products are expensive.
He threw stones at the dog.
The voting system was the most egalitarian in its nine-year history.
Human beings are very materialistic.
The identities of the couple were unknown.
The public is encouraged to use online services to avoid lining up.
Some districts have a high number of voters.
Refugees were also given mosquito nets.
The animals that loiter through the garden have damaged all the crops.
They are preparing for the event.
She donated some of the ambulances.
Most football stadiums in Uganda are not well facilitated.
Controls and measures are put to prevent the spread of diseases.
She attended the court ruling and wrote a report about it.
Parents are advised to take their children to school.
He milks the cows twice a day.
So many people in this area will be displaced by their landlord tomorrow.
There is an increase in violence against women and children in the country.
That company has appointed a new committee to handle advertising.
He requested them to refund his money.
Men should be supportive of their partner when in their menstruation period.
What are ongoing promotions?
What strategies have been laid to stop gender-based violence?
The district will solicit money from the government to improve service provision.
Its aim was to ensure that parties without representation have their own space.
Companies need to advertise their products on social media platforms.
Female students excelled in their studies.
The construction is expected to take two years.
The moon is too bright tonight.
Our country has grown a large private sector.
She has remained loyal to her husband even if he is disabled.
Some crimes are due to alcohol and drugs.
The country is experiencing a severe drought.
He later escaped because he was part of the racial killing.
What challenges did you face during the conference?
The district officials informed the president about the challenges faced by the people.
People should be trained in honey-making skills.
Some of the dead bodies were too burnt to be identified.
Our town has the best roads in the whole town.
Cameroon had seventy-two percent registered users of social networks.
The church of Uganda has its own assets.
The minister has allowed foreigners to invest in the education instructions of Uganda.
The government wants to construct simple houses for the victims.
Afrigo band is the most experienced instrumentalists in Uganda.
Many experienced musicians are expected to perform in that concert.
The company is yet to hire a new director.
Teachers are not focused because of low pay.
He bribes the magistrate.
Some companies were closed because they did not renew their licenses.
Museveni commissions Uganda's first mobile phone factory.
We all respected father's decision.
Don’t put the baby on the table.
Sugar, salt, soap are some of the items commonly used in a homestead.
The government has invested two hundred million shillings in the teacher groups.
For any publication to be licensed, it needs to show cultural and economic values.
She is afraid of staying in the house alone.
Two other groups are seeking to register.
Food was plenty and cheap during the lockdown.
Yellow fever is spreading in the district gradually.
The farmers get poor quality seed varieties.
Vaccine-preventable disease surveillance mitigates national security, local economy, and public health systems.
Men lack the income to meet the basic needs of their families.
That old woman is looking for shelter.
The doctor has not yet arrived.
He told his son to help her.
Sex work is high among the youth in the slums of Kampala.
The unit will receive and investigate complaints against police officers.
It is illegal to smoke in public places.
Who is your favorite football player?
The effort is made to promote tourism, culture, history and business at large.
She was a kind, humble and a very generous person.
The summit had the task of handling maternal and infant mortality rates.
He sold his piece of land.
Police and the army are independent entities.
A new school was officially opened in the area.
The road was tarmacked.
Entebbe International Airport is undergoing renovation.
Children really like playing.
My brother moved from one office to another in search for a job.
The old man kept swinging in his chair quietly.
We are encouraged to educate our children.
Participation in such a riot will expose you to charges of terrorism.
Parents should take very good care of their children.
He participated in the new legislation that places individuals' responsibility on a police officer.
The voting process was interrupted.
Some of the clothes on the Ugandan market are imported from other countries.
Many Ugandans earn very low salaries.
The church advised the public to work hard and improve on the education sector.
The old man is eighty six years old.
The president of Uganda promised to improve the roads in Eastern Uganda.
Public gatherings can lead to the spread of the disease.
How can we achieve political stability in the country?
People with disabilities have improved their standards of living.
Kaggwa also served as a representative of Uganda in the East Africa Legislative Assembly.
Farmers are producing quality grain output.
The region members are excited about administrative results.
The police have failed to enforce the coronavirus guidelines effectively.
Annual events are carried out annually.
Some people are arrested for crimes they did not commit.
Ms. Ntombenhle told News twenty-four: "We are not rich people"
He was still in office at the time of his death.
There has been a reduction in tax for farmers growing sugarcane.
Mazda has made fundamental attributes to make the acceleration, turning and braking completely natural.
His salary is paid through the bank.
Both districts need to settle down and reconcile.
The hospitals need more testing equipment.
You build your house in a swamp or forest at your own risk.
Worn-out brakes and tyres will hinder the vehicle’s ability to stop.
Bamburi cement holds a license that allows them to extract raw material only on land.
Your voice is not like his.
The Uganda Wildlife Authority has tried to boost the tourism sector in the country.
How much does a football coach earn?
The calling rates of some companies are too high compared to others.
Public institutions advertise the available job opportunities through the commission.
Cancer patients from villages find it hard to go to the Uganda Cancer Institute.
Christians have come together to construct a perimeter wall.
He was given a three match ban.
I play football during my free time.
People should embrace purity, just like Jesus Christ.
Lighting hearts can be observed in adult mice.
The new arrangement aims to attract many more competitive grants.
The lease for the land given to them is expired.
Muslims fast in the month of Ramadan.
I can't see clearly because of the rain.
Development partners are providing fuel to the ambulances.
The death of her baby frustrated her a lot.
Thirty two thousand people turned up for vaccination.
Take your drugs on time, and you will be healed.
What is the role of youth leaders?
Rainwater is free.
Local council elections were filled with a lot of confusion.
The lawyers are not performing their duties.
What are you writing?
He cautioned policemen against receiving bribes.
In the old days, kings had the power to kill whoever they wanted.
People's businesses have been destroyed amidst the prevailing conflicts.
The money was used to fight coronavirus.
The most common sports game is football.
Some people cut trees for charcoal burning.
The Judiciary has incurred a lot of expenses through renting court premises.
My father served in that school for over twenty five years.
Muslims should not involve security agencies when they are solving their problems.
All players have a medical record of their health.
The executive committee mismanaged the club's funds.
I am too hungry to think.
Police officers are surrounding the building.
The objective is to fake unity about how to move forward.
We need money to secure more building materials.
How many penalties were in that football match?
There is new information coming in at nine o'clock.
She left the hospital without the knowledge of the officials.
The money will not be used to pay salaries.
We can preserve the environment by planting trees.
After high school, she joined a vocation institute.
The organisation provided protective equipment to the people.
Trust is something that two people in a relationship can build together.
Cargo trucks carry and transport products.
They called for changes in the prisons.
Residents said the two officers would not provide security.
I have to watch the nine o'clock news from home.
We should work hand in hand with member states to ensure economic development
Ambassador Malac also supported the controversial Genetically Modified Organisms Bill.
What is in the envelope?
The response is a form of feedback.
They have introduced new courses this year.
Report to police any suspicious people in the community
One needs a licence to operate legally.
The commission was the end of the first phase of the installation of cameras.
The government has put much emphasis on the security of all citizens.
We should always focus on the future.
Delayed salaries demotivate workers.
The police didn't present the warrant of arrest.
Various people have different opinions concerning relationships.
The decoration on his wedding was blended with barkcloth fabrics.
That nursery school is actually expensive.
At what rate did you attain the loan?
He trained his children to play the piano during the lockdown.
She was admitted in ward two.
Yes, people are traveling out of the town, but those coming in are few.
He always has a way out.
We sent our condolences to the family of the deceased.
The corpse was dropped off at an old mutual office.
There are sixteen songs on his new album.
The Board of Directors has to give the manager permission to introduce a new product.
A subsidiary is a branch of the main company.
The ministry of agriculture should provide refugees with the best seed varieties.
Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo are involved in conflict resolution.
District leaders were ordered to repair boreholes in their areas.
She included half the class on the list of noisemakers.
The leader was given a big assignment.
He is an associate senior research scientist at the center for development and environment.
Our company contributed fifty million Ugandan shillings towards the construction of the new road.
There is rampant drug abuse in the district.
Why should he limit his time in office if he can afford to stay longer?
What is the role of presidential advisors?
Some girls are still denied the right to education.
Solar power provides all the necessary power needs.
We need the accountability of funds given to you.
Churches often fundraise money to renovate their infrastructure
Other players joined the team.
She received a great pay raise this year.
People, poverty and disaster risks are increasingly concentrated in the cities.
The government intends to manufacture coronavirus vaccines.
Most Muslims do not have sex during the fasting period.
We promise to offer you the best meals.
The president has removed taxes on roadside shops.
Parents are advised to take children for immunization.
There is unity among the people in Moyo district.
They installed more cameras than they had originally planned.
Ear infections are very rare.
Women and children walked for a long distance to get clean water.
He slammed the door behind him.
So many times, we hold memories of the dead.
Nowadays everyone in the family has to work no matter what age they are.
Everything that has to be made has to first be passed through the committee for discussion
He said that he can't marry her.
The car suddenly stopped when a cow was crossing the road.
Corruption is a hindrance to development.
We had been trying for nine days to get it settled.
Several artists turned up for the event as well.
His songs are played on many radio stations across the country.
The bail application is acceptable in court.
Courts enforce the available laws.
Some diseases can be prevented.
His brother recommended him for this job.
Who will be supervising the exams?
Some people believe by seeing.
The game ended in a draw.
It involves analysing cash inflow and outflow.
Ayub Mukisa works with the Karamoja anti-corruption coalition.
Opposition members lack funds to finance party activities.
The community does not have enough drugs.
Why are there very many refugees in Uganda?
Sudanese youth and women are free from oppression.
The deceased had three children with his wife.
Local leaders have organised many seminars for the youth about the virus.
Tourism has contributed to the growth of Uganda's revenue.
Some students will be promoted on probation.
The woman leader urged the organization to donate more relief items to refugees.
He is a lawyer.
Our protest about dividing constituencies has been ignored.
His wife was delivered from Mulago hospital.
He dedicated his latest song to his father.
The government plans to immunize everyone in the country.
The new team members were welcomed.
I felt the sticky honey sweetness fill my mouth.
How many books do you want?
The police did not attend the security meeting.
There are very few schools in my home village.
Please accept my apologies for not being able to attend your graduation ceremony.
Mayor elections will be carried out tomorrow.
The government provides enough food for refugees.
He is not on good terms with his neighbors.
Children are forced into child labor to get food.
Farmers should focus on planting quality seeds for the best harvest.
We need a detailed report on the coronavirus.
I will resume reading this book later in the evening.
Dr. Kojan agrees: "In the traditional suit it's not possible to monitor the patient.
She used to be a teacher.
A drum is an important symbol for the Kingdom.
In Africa, elders are greeted by the young members of the community.
Curfew was put in place with immediate effect.
Some people die from prison.
Children have to be given a lot of fruits to boost their immunity.
The fire started around midnight.
The meeting is to be held in the afternoon.
The chief has a lot of influence in the village.
A big supermarket is closing all its branches.
He can’t be compared to any other male player in the country.
The public sector should understand the challenges holding companies back.
Women nowadays are greatly participating in sports
The police has rescued fifteen young girls who were being trafficked.
She fell and knocked her head.
Her necklace was very beautiful.
Refugees are natives of other countries.
Millions of people were addressed during the gathering.
Once locked into this network, the algorithms then do their target casting in secret.
The prisoners are living in poor conditions.
More than half of the students are down with a cold.
The government has provided income to the refugees to engage in Agricultural production.
He wants to start up an organization that helps orphans.
He could not afford it, but at least he got it for free.
After the compliment, he just shook his head and smiled.
He failed to get the fees to register for his Primary Leaving Examinations.
As athletics fans, we are proud to have the fastest runner from our country.
Africans always win in car rallies.
Her father is very important to her.
The policeman shot him in the leg.
More businesses are expected to start.
Fifty-five candidates were registered with the Uganda National Examinations Board.
Moyo general hospital should provide health extension services to the people.
Let us light a flame for African unity.
The ladies gave birth on the same day.
Rising phone toxicities puts Ugandans at risk of cancer infection
What is the role of National Forest Authority in Uganda?
Our office will be open after the presidential election.
Marriage pressure can cause some people to hire grooms and guests for weddings.
The district health officer warned residents against poor waste disposal.
We are deluded expecting parliament to act as a check on the executive
Currently, however, Republicans also seem focused on the allegations.
Do you have my email address?
The school fees were increased because of the pandemic.
What is the root cause of their problems?
The government offers annual support to the hospitals.
The government needs a lot of money to compensate the locals for their land.
The qualifications for the senior citizens' grant are to remain the same.
Some students are forced to read books.
Discriminating against opposition supporters is not good.
What were the findings of your research?
The district leaders are looking for a solution to load shedding.
The current lockdown situation has been very difficult.
They began the constitution with the collective "We the people".
The Church of Uganda owns the hospital.
A given section of Ugandans has violated the voting guidelines this year.
I admire her beautiful eyes.
The attackers broke her hand and leg.
Rwanda, the chair of the East African Community has postponed the summit.
News reports about police officers surface as a public scandal.
There has been an increase in the number of arrests.
The aspirant to join the army collapsed and died.
The headteacher mismanaged the funds given to them.
Namboole stadium is the Uganda cranes official home ground.
A well-built septic tank shouldn't be a threat to anyone.
People are on their way to celebrate and enjoy the festive season
Churches have been opened on strict guidelines.
What challenges are faced by women today?
Baganda girls kneel while greeting elders.
Try him, he is one of the good photographers we have around town.
President Yoweri Museveni ordered that no new licenses can be issued to sports betting companies
Individuals came out to distribute food to the needy in society.
After breastfeeding, she took the baby to bed.
The thief grabbed my handbag and ran.
The number of rape cases is increasing rapidly.
Many Ugandans accept his transformation with the humility of experience.
There is a force that pulls objects thrown into the air back to the ground.
Some people have chosen to ignore the set restrictions.
Maximize every opportunity at hand.
The date for installing the new Kadhi is not yet clear.
My uncle spent ten years in prison.
Our father encouraged us during hard work.
His wife comes from a rich family.
Many Ugandans prefer to live in the city.
Journalists get us news.
Tension on the Rwanda- Burundi border has lasted longer.
The ministry needs to provide health care services in every community.
Educational institutions should put more emphasis on practical education and skills.
She handed in her resignation letter two months ago.
Some family planning methods can be used to prevent teenage pregnancy.
She has a sentimental attachment to the dress.
How many coronavirus cases are currently in Uganda?
Why do we need budgets?
It is said that money is the source of all evil.
All groups will be taught irrespective of their backgrounds.
The electoral commission gave little time towards updating the voter's register.
Why are there increasing rape cases?
She had the desire of representing the people in her home area.
The district is training a team of fifty youth on how to spray locusts.
He is the longest-serving president of Uganda.
Organizations should use financial technologies in the fight against corruption
One of the things that facilitate development of a place is good security.
He advocates for a new Uganda.
The money was given to the volleyball players in cash.
Very many drug shop outlets have been opened up in different places.
Our tour was put on hold.
We have two dogs at home.
Very many people are living below the poverty line.
Two medical doctors have died of corona virus.
The church will provide hiring services which will generate income.
The luggage was dumped into the back of a double cabin vehicle.
The issue caused a dispute between the two leaders.
Relaxing on duty could cost one his job.
Church leaders have preached words of encouragement and hope to people.
The agreement was between Lagardre and the Confederation of African Football.
The ministry should improve supervision to uplift the standard of public schools.
The group of runners headed into southern Africa.
People were excited about acquiring electric power.
Donation of scholastic materials good for student performance.
Some Non-Government Organizations have been suspended in Uganda.
Vocational schools equip students with different skills.
She was rescued by another group of soldiers and taken to hospital.
The school was closed because it did not meet the required standards.
We scored two goals against the visiting team.
The team is doing all the necessary training.
They wake up earlier than us.
The magazine is the most Independent and influential media platform for public policy debate.
Refugees will also get an opportunity to participate in the project.
The teacher's who initiated the activity teach in those schools.
There is an increase in land grabbing in Uganda.
Therefore, the only reliable source of political money is corruption.
This town has both murram and tarmac roads.
Jeffrey D. Sachs is University Professor at Columbia University.
The elections results from Arua district have lots of questions.
She is now working in a stone mine.
The Public Accounts Committee found out that there is misappropriation of funds in the government.
He spoke to me arrogantly.
They are celebrating ten years of marriage.
General cleanliness is a basic requirement in every home.
Planting seeds is one way of preserving the environment.
Many children have access to free education.
Parents accused school authorities of deliberately hiding infections among children.
Ten people were killed during the deadly protests in the city center.
Two rival netball teams are playing against each other.
Why are you raising your hands?
He shot her in the head.
We rushed to the school noticeboard when we heard that our results had been released.
Christians purchased a brand new lorry for the diocese.
He won the world football player of the year award.
The individuals involved were not brought to court.
The Ministry of Health will receive one million doses of the coronavirus vaccine on Friday.
He presided over the swearing-in ceremony for the Rwandan government leaders.
Muslims follow their Islamic teaching.
The parliamentarian joined politics life at a young age.
She is well qualified for the position.
The schools were closed for various reasons.
Massive sensitization on the prevention of malaria was done.
Temporary barriers were installed to stop cars from entering.
Most of the youths are unemployed.
Health centres should opt for more accurate ways of blood testing.
New schools have been built in my village.
He performed well in the Olympics.
beIN Sports is a global network of sports channels.
What more do they have to offer?
Not all hardworking people are rich.
There were land wrangles in Hoima.
Many people are against police brutality.
It is a very dangerous disease with dangerous symptoms
Let us keep the togetherness at all costs.
You should always appreciate the little that someone has done for you
Medicine will be manufactured locally which will ease accessibility.
You have such a bigfoot.
We visited the ancient city located in Turkey last Christmas.
The construction works have begun.
The witness said that she saw him shoot the deceased last week.
Farmers sold some of their products at lower prices because of the low demand.
Tanzania requested the postponement of the summit.
God is full of grace.
What time have you set your alarm?
Unions must be of benefit to the members associated with them.
He has was released from prison last evening.
The gender gap in Uganda is still big.
He turned his house into a lodge in order to get money.
It takes humility to make an apology.
Political party members will elect their leaders.
The contractor has been identified.
His new building encroached on my land.
One person was injured in the shooting.
There are some words teachers should never say to their students.
Some things can never be taught at school.
He was one of a kind.
Couples must aim towards working and supporting each other.
There are conflicts among districts in West Nile.
All schools were registered for the national sports competition.
He asked the government to at least take a few metres of the land.
My parents share responsibilities at home.
The board of governors met to discuss the penalties for the student rioters.
I am not a fan of football.
Where is the bus driver?
Handkerchiefs should either be washed well as a measure to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
The city enforcement team impounds goods from vendors.
There were five interviewers on the panel.
There is no food left in the store.
The program will promote access to safe education.
Crops growing on a fertile land bear lots of fruits.
What role does the deputy chief administrative officer play?
The organizers are mismanaging the church funds.
Some designers have created new stylish Muslim attires.
The president gave updates on the status of coronavirus during his speech.
Consequently, corruption is not just a means for individual enrichment.
The truck was delayed because of a road accident.
While making plans, various factors have to be put into consideration.
He stood in at a time when the nation was about to tear apart into a failed state.
Companies should be able to make profits at the end of the year.
The party will be starting soon.
This is a very important exercise that could determine whether you vote on polling day or not.
They popped Champagne at the Daily Monitor, and the celebration started.
Funds should be specifically allocated to build permanent school structures.
You have also seen the response in the market with regards to sugar-free beer.
The couple went for their honeymoon in Paris.
Many of the graduates are unemployed.
He is an expert in agriculture.
The nurse is back.
Lung diseases are common among smokers.
The recently concluded elections were successfully concluded.
Teachers play a vital role in our society.
Coronavirus tests are taken through the nose or mouth.
Polygamy has encouraged the spread of acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
There is tight security at the market.
She fears her boss.
You should consider renting a house near your workplace.
There is a dramatic change in the appearance of the town.
There are many family disputes.
Those rich men studied from the same school.
The patients were given their test results.
It eases access to information for the teachers.
Rwanda claims that the two suspected smugglers turned violent.
He easily gets annoyed.
Some of his relatives died of coronavirus.
Nurses and midwives are now also recognised in the health sector.
Replicating the same in Kasese, Tororo Hima the place Bamburi Cement's subsidiary.
That girl is not her child.
The moneylender gave me seventy two hours to pay back his money.
Blood vessels in the body are damaged by smoking.
Our mission is to support orphans in the community to complete their education.
Ambulances are found at health centres.
The rate of criminal cases has greatly increased in the district.
People that have grown up in harsh conditions tend to be miserable.
We ate fruits after dinner.
On average, how many liters of milk can one cow produce?
He was admitted to the hospital with lung cancer.
This organization gives out university scholarships annually.
What offences are heard in the supreme court
Four government officials visited the refugee camp yesterday.
The vehicle carrying the coffin was behind the ambulance.
She exposed the documents about the ambulances.
Age should not be a limitation for anything you may want.
I go to the market on Saturday to buy foodstuffs.
People don't trust doctors who work in community clinics.
My friend talked to the investors about his business idea.
Children should be taught about disease prevention.
He saved money to take him through his retirement days.
My sister encouraged me to study journalism.
What should be done about the food surplus?
The big winner was announced at the Dubai international motor show in two thousand nineteen.
They were not surprised by the cancellation of the summit.
Politicians campaigned via radios, televisions and other media platforms.
I would like to buy an acre of land.
What is that one thing that you will never forget in your entire life?
Unlicensed schools shall be closed.
The economic incentive has worked to bring people together.
The patient can also see the family and who is treating them.
Almost one-fifth of adolescents girls in Africa get pregnant.
Names help people to understand their family background in society.
Disease outbreaks can be mitigated through community engagement.
Is it necessary to have a mentor?
As a Christian, be mindful of your behaviour on earth.
The chairman of the electoral commission announced the winner of the presidential elections.
Many murder cases were reported in Entebbe and Wakiso.
The football match will be shown live on television.
Makerere University is not a common university due to its history
He works from India.
Media has journalists that cover activities happening in the environment.
There is a need to construct a hospital in my village.
The police will attack criminal hideouts.
Families spend a lot on food and clothing during the festive season.
Water is a necessity.
Anemia can lead to death in pregnant women.
Literally, women are not allowed to take alcohol.
What is barkcloth used for?
The district will ensure proper distribution, allocation and accountability.
There is no blood in the blood bank.
We are breaking off for our Easter holidays this Thursday.
People have received food, health equipment, skills from the organisation.
Immunization helps to protect children from diseases.
He lost money in sports betting.
The president announced the new cities during his address this morning.
Let me show you how to do it.
There are a number of countries on the African continent.
Uganda earns a lot of money from tourists.
Museveni also said that permits issued to existing firms will not be renewed when they expire
Drug abuse is very unhealthy.
She believes that her husband is innocent of the crime.
The quarantine centre has already reached its maximum.
Media is one of the channels for creating awareness to the public.
The village chairperson is an old student of that school.
The minister promised to help in the prevention of violence in the community.
Mazda has made advancements in the refinement and technological levels.
The teachers complained that the money they earn is not enough to support their families.
Street lights light up the streets at night.
We are also educating our staff on the need to save energy.
Many parents did not take their children for immunization.
Kampala is one of the only two destinations in Africa the exhibition is showing.
It was a long-term commitment.
Ambulances carry patients to the hospital.
The people should be ready for the virus before it reaches the district.
The two heavily-bodied men are holding guns.
Unemployment among youths is very high in Uganda.
Animal diseases are really many.
Some children love reading storybooks.
Three organizations from different regions have received the funds.
The political party is planning a meeting to discuss the upcoming elections.
They provided food relief to communities.
Adopting to the winter season was a very big challenge for him.
Norms and morals of young people should be preserved.
The platform will encourage more people into the transport business.
The number of tourists in the country has reduced because of the pandemic.
The mountain is located on the border of Uganda and Kenya.
We have to find a way to give really good care to patients.
I inherited my father's land.
Who remembers Kampala capital city festivals?
My lawyer is lodging an appeal anytime from today.
What inspired you to join politics?
Home investments should be prefered.
Students requested administrators to listen to their cries.
Student associations create unity among members.
The rate of school dropout is most likely to increase due to coronavirus.
Jesus Christ was born to save the world from its sins.
People in rural areas use grass for roof their houses.
My father has been laid off.
Every student is awaiting the date when schools will eventually resume.
National students' examination results are released by the Uganda National Examinations Board.
The glue was very sticky.
There are many parameters that should be considered when buying land.
Her brother sang for her.
The children were sad when their mother traveled abroad.
The government may have agents in the opposition parties.
The university deployed more security personnel.
Men ought to take full responsibility for their families.
The loss of her two children to the war brought about her mental damage.
Solar products are relatively costly.
The people in power should be very kind-hearted.
The government is constructing a new airport in Hoima district.
The piece of wood caught fire.
Why do ambulances arrive late?
People from other countries are allowed to enter Uganda.
After the verdict, the man wanted him to come and close the Daily Monitor.
Some parents don't feel the importance of education.
Phones should not be given to children.
The guidelines for the campaigns have not been released.
I got four aggregates in my Primary Leaving Examinations.
What does the act of professionalism involve?
Investigations are ongoing on the embezzlement of Coronavirus disease funds.
Some members of parliament were happy when parliament approved new cities for the country.
Leaders contributed money towards the hospital construction.
Being rebellious is not good.
In two thousand seventeen, it got six helicopters from Russia.
Her husband is a judge of the High Court.
He was suspended from playing football.
On prompting Museveni's brother Salim Saleh he wrote a dossier.
There should be no discrimination in schools among children.
Poor sanitation is one of the major causes of diarrhea.
The region leader bought seven ambulances.
Tent based space could help increase the number of patients attended to.
Use a taxi with enough people in it to avoid being kidnapped.
The community should be acknowledged on the dangers of early marriages.
The tournament was covered in thirteen languages on television.
His supervisor told him to change his research topic.
A report is like a form of written feedback.
It has started raining.
The lawyers did not show up at court.
There are many comedians in the country.
Physical exercises relax the mind.
Affected people were advised to relocate to other areas.
My son follows me everywhere.
She was wearing a rosary around her neck.
Share your resume with the human resource.
My father traveled to Kampala on Sunday.
My elder brother is a priest.
Praying and fasting yield miracles to Christian believers.
Pineapple farmers want industries where they can change their fruits into other products.
He never made a statement at the police regarding what happened.
Nursing schools train medical personnel.
No one is allowed in the hospital premises without proper hand washing and sanitizing.
He will take over as chief of defense forces.
People can now use their phones to pay taxes.
A meeting was held discussing ways of reaching the people on the ground.
It is wise to protect yourself against disease while it's still early.
She was able to swim from one island to another.
Teachers should give students daily tests and exercises.
The ministry has donated twenty million shillings to the veterans.
Chefs taught these people.
I believe in God.
The project will benefit only the people of West Nile.
People have embraced hand washing as a way of stopping the Ebola outbreak.
The minister advised the people to practice social distancing especially when they are in public places.
Men must work hard to support their families financially.
I can’t believe she lied to us.
The country holds presidential elections every after five years.
She said that she was tortured by the police.
How many football clubs are in Uganda?
He bought more land to expand his farming activities.
What is your relationship with the deceased?
Christians should focus on the future to meet their social obligations.
A policeman was shot dead.
The exhibition will benefit the larger community.
She was evicted from her home as it was in the new road's way.
Teen events usually cause a lot of traffic jam.
There is a growing rift between Uganda and Rwanda and Burundi and Rwanda
India had many cases of coronavirus.
It is important to have information sources for making investments.
The university will introduce more new courses in the future.
Ministry of Health has distributed over five thousand mosquito nets in Eastern Uganda.
We should embrace our differences.
A campaign to end Malaria
Most Ugandans are asking whether Besigye will again challenge Museveni for the fifth time.
Leaders should always work hand in hand with each other.
The leaders have lost trust in one another.
Wars often result in massive deaths of people.
They failed to resolve the dispute.
They violated the company rules.
Bulbs with shorter lifespan need to be often replaced.
Ambulance services will reduce mortality and maternal cases.
The anti-corruption walk is also meant to mark one year.
The minister didn't follow the instructions in carrying out the task.
Some prisoners wanted to runway from coronavirus.
A spokesperson is someone who's chosen by a company to promote its brand.
She changed the name of her company to attract more customers.
There will be a construction of the museum in the area.
He traveled to the neighboring country for the ceremony.
Women in the refugee camps are highly participating.
The hospital has admitted six new cases of coronavirus.
Where can I get immunised from yellow fever?
There is high demand for bottled drinking water because of the hot weather.
They won the trophy on the sports day.
They wrote a letter of complaint to the chairman.
People have no access to family planning services.
Most of the people with disabilities are drug addicts.
You need to get a lawyer if you want this issue to be resolved.
What are the guidelines for fishers who work on the lakes in Uganda?
This will help to get rid of pretenders in the school.
She presented a report on the opposition leader's failed attempt at the presidency.
The district needs to provide transport facilities to the extension workers.
Hospitals have specific visiting hours.
The president's lawyer has died at a very old age.
Her aunt took her to the city to work as a maid.
The military hospital will reduce the overcrowding of patients in health centres.
The baby was crawling around the room on her hands and knees.
Mob violence has resulted in the deaths of innocent people
What are the roles of diocesan leaders?
The kickboxer won the match by knockout.
People will get capital and increase their income levels.
The World Bank has investments in the county.
Muslims make pilgrimages to Mecca.
The Netherlands donates thirty computers to Uganda People's Defense Force
The job of the leader is to understand and bear with the competitions.
She refused to fetch water.
Most private hospitals employ specialized doctors.
In Uganda, online media platforms have to get authorisation nowadays.
We need exemplary leaders.
He submitted this report yesterday.
The football team generated more revenue after winning the English premier league cup.
Combining both sexes for sex education is important and eliminates tension.
The prison authorities identified the master planner of the prison escape.
I can't buy newspapers.
There is a telecommunication company closing its operations in Uganda next month.
She is such a talented dancer.
The security agencies are working hard to restore peace.
She is a great nurse and I am grateful for her.
This puts a lot of expectations on the Ugandan market.
Uganda Revenue Authority advertised job opportunities in the newspapers.
All countries' economies have been affected by the pandemic.
We went to the studio to take some photographs.
The health workers have obtained the protective equipment used in treating patients.
How much revenue was collected from the market?
I do not want to be late for work.
Here political parties, not individuals, would compete for votes.
People are fundraising to renovate the boy's dormitory.
You won't be late.
Most of the candles are made out of wax and melt when lit.
The refugees were given food and shelter.
Many people do not sanitize.
She criticized some lawyers for putting money before justice.
Medical professionals also need to be appreciated for their good work.
They were caught with fake documents.
There is no need to shout when I can hear you.
What do you do in your free time?
There are very many needy people in society.
Her health has drastically improved.
The supporters were cheering loudly in celebration of their team's goals.
The church has donated fifty beds to the health centre.
The police must protect people`s lives.
Every tribe in Uganda has its own language.
The team with the most wins takes the trophy.
His sons also play golf.
Different people earn differently depending on their roles and responsibilities.
Nursery schools play an important role in teaching children how to behave in society.
A donation plan has been launched with Rotarian malaria partners.
Soldiers were called upon to maintain law and order.
People should work together despite their political affiliations.
My parents have been married for twenty years.
Women can also play football.
There is economic competition over scarce resources.
She is afraid of staying alone in the house.
All public holidays are honored.
Sometimes nature is a source of conflict to society.
You need to tell your wife the truth.
Have you talked to the players?
What skills do you have?
This is because they are not willing to dirty their hands looting the state.
The Uganda prison service heed to the presidential directives.
He was suddenly ill on Wednesday last week and died four days later.
He educated the mourners on the importance of will writing.
People in Entebbe did not turn up for youth elections.
All teachers will be awarded if the pupils get first grades.
National Forestry Authority is often accused of mismanagement of forests
Suspects should be thoroughly investigated.
The suspects were arrested without any evidence.
The general public should also note that the display process should be transparent.
Some things that happen are eye-openers for some people.
It is a common tradition to wrap gifts.
People should go for vaccination programs.
Stolen schooL textbooks are sold for cheap in the black markets.
Decision making is one of the qualities of a good leader.
Farmers should take care of their animals.
The district called upon all stakeholders to help in handling the virus.
The Court of Appeal upheld a ten-year jail sentence handed to Muhanguzi.
How long is the journey from Kampala to Hoima district?
This pandemic period is an opportunity for them to organize themselves.
This years' national football league was interrupted by the pandemic.
Your people are at risk of forced eviction without another shelter.
Fever is one of the symptoms of coronavirus.
With my new car, I can easily avoid all the traffic in Kampala.
His whole family died in a house fire.
Every nation has at least a day to celebrate.
She mopped the house.
Farming is also a source of income for refugees.
The leader was born thirty five years back.
What is the purpose of carrying out political campaigns?
Unemployment is very high in Uganda.
More coronavirus patients have been confirmed negative twice.
Find your car’s manual.
What spreads malaria?
There is a need for improvement.
It is the most successful football team in Germany.
The dog's tail was cut off.
New domestic taxes have been introduced.
Culture shapes people's behaviours in the community.
Registering a business is a very long process.
The locals celebrated their country's victory in the international dance competitions.
Members of Parliament can decide either to support or not to support the motion.
Lagardere cannot afford to lose the deal.
The government has offered to renovate the stalls at the community market.
He quit the football team.
The other teams have been training hard to win the matches this season.
A quick emergency response demonstration will be conducted at Kololo Independence Grounds.
Some employees lost their jobs when the company reorganized the branch staff.
It is important to know the ability of a child.
We are not getting any response from the power suppliers.
There is a need to regulate political parties' status in the country legally.
Arua diocese heed to the guidelines and the church activities were suspended.
The president advised them to rename the group.
Good quality roads were constructed in the area.
Which social media platforms do you use?
Uganda revenue authority has set up various conferences to educate people about taxation.
Sometimes elephants' waste is used as manure in the people's gardens.
Most refugees stay in camps.
The government called for the first lockdown in March two thousand twenty.
Parents need to be very strict on the movements of their children.
What qualifications does one need to become a game ranger?
He did not tell anyone that he was leaving.
People cheered up for the bride as she arrived in a white coffin.
The deal with Lagardre was deemed unlawful
Who is your best friend?
Health workers should remain dedicated because they have a big role to play.
What is written in an apology letter?
He played eighty five games for the Uganda cranes.
He met his friend in the afternoon.
He donated food stuff to the elderly and disabled people.
There has been an increase in the number of divorce cases.
The electoral commission is in charge of nominating political candidates.
That man was arrested for physically assaulting a policeman.
The people of Moyo district were hospitable towards the refugees.
Why isn't there light in your room?
The donation was handed over to the district Member of Parliament this morning.
Research should be done on how to address the issue of malnutrition.
There are ongoing manslaughters in the Southwestern part of Kampala.
Farmers were able to learn how to produce quality milk and how to preserve it.
Cross border collaboration is to be discussed on Ebola virus disease.
Discrimination is everywhere, and we must fight together to end it.
The church has been in existence for forty-five years.
Are political primary elections necessary?
Uganda completed the first-ever Covid-19 patient in late February.
Does a midwife have to be a nurse?
This comes with the claims for “human rights” by the elite.
Young districts need more staff members.
The inspector appealed to teachers to show a good example to learners.
Every vehicle in Uganda has a number plate with a unique registration number.
Some women are beaten by their husbands.
According to police, cases of child kidnap are on the rise.
She was pleased by the work he did.
The group is no longer allowed to support any political campaigns.
That company lost property worth three hundred million Ugandan shillings in the floods.
He works as a volunteer with the Red Cross.
Majority of church founded schools are academic giants in the country.
Every district should have a referral hospital.
Farmers need to target both local and international markets.
Where does she stay?
On Wednesday, she will be traveling abroad.
We are family friends.
Inspirations are a source of hope.
The University provides education services.
The members of parliament also have to go for nominations.
The youth are encouraged to donate blood because they're strong.
The police is still investigating the cause of the fire.
The political parties are not on good terms.
Some locals have planned to riot if he is not released.
Judges nominate their bests ten cars from the list.
A roadmap to Universal Health Coverage has been developed
The funds allocated to the district were not enough for completing the project.
He campaigned in all parts of the country.
He died of drug abuse.
Most schools resorted to online classes during the lockdown.
Contact with a recovered Ebola patient puts you at risk of contracting the disease.
He was perceived by the public as a good candidate
They need to work together to finish the projects.
What are your future plans?
There are more cases from samples collected at the entry points of the country.
They allocated less money to the city last year.
The two children escaped from the refugee camp last Thursday.
She refused to pick my phone calls.
Some youths have invested their money in poultry farming.
The herd of cattle lives next to the goats.
They constructed a new dormitory.
The summit was postponed to early next year as an interval of relief to the tension.
The government should provide supplies to assist them.
The sheikh was charged with terrorism.
The president promised that the government would support the vulnerable poor citizens during the pandemic.
There are very many buyers and sellers in the market.
This city is known for having the best hotels.
Coronavirus pandemic has affected our business operations.
It is a world of reality, not a little world created by this joker.
Cassava can be used to make cassava flour.
More media companies have been established in Uganda.
The project is focusing on suppliers in different parts of the country.
The colonialists introduced tobacco production in Uganda.
Higher education is expensive, which leads to increased school dropouts.
Rwanda's Liberation Day was overseen by Chinese instructors from the People's Liberation Army Honor Guard.
Which year were you born?
One of the players twisted his ankle during training.
The government aims at improving the livelihoods of refugees.
On her part, she has got sim cards for all networks.
Their birth certificates are nowhere to be found.
It is said that eagles have a good sight.
They are determined to leave them and move on in a different direction.
The students have learned about the dangers of polluting the environment.
She revealed her secret to him.
Women are not equally represented in leadership positions
Arua district has a shortage of power supply.
He put the bag carefully in his hut.
The Tigers got the bird flu virus after eating raw chicken.
How does Uganda benefit from some of its partnerships?
The pupils did their work on time.
The man has a very bushy beard.
The company has hired two security guards to protect their offices.
What is the current worth of gold?
The Decade vaccine economics made research regarding the vaccine-preventable diseases.
We live in a real world.
The team lost because it underestimated its opponents.
This has pushed Ugandans to acquire multiple sim cards to benefit from low call rates.
During last year's celebrations, the president encouraged everyone to stand up for their rights.
He won the wrestling championship belt.
The people of West Nile have contributed greatly towards the development of Uganda.
The cooperating parties need to take disagreements as lessons.
The demonstrators ran off when they saw the police.
The district leader delegated his supervisory role to his subordinates.
Who is an entrepreneur?
Why should I go for a mental checkup?
She slept in a three-walled unpainted cubicle.
This is my first time visiting Kasese district.
The president and his party rejected the opposition's suggestion.
The youths will be equipped with leadership skills.
Speaking out can lead to isolation and exclusion.
The government does not seem to care about orphans.
Bicycle riders need to be very careful while on the road.
He was asked for a lot of money to be bailed out.
He spent thirty minutes with the patient.
The organization will help victims of abusive marriages to get counseling.
Problems began when it came to swearing in a government of national unity.
She had at least profited one hundred million dollars in assets.
She never responded to the lawsuit.
It started making losses emanating from inadequate investment and competition.
Some churches do not have permanent structures.
There wasn't enough evidence to prove that he was guilty.
What do you get when you subtract two from four?
Farmers are trained on how to have productive gardens.
I advise women to take good care of their families.
They expected to win the match.
The manager should understand the structure of his company.
Regimes come and go.
The hawker carries fish in a basket and sells them to customers.
Teachers have been badly affected by the pandemic.
She encouraged women to leave abusive relationships.
Coronavirus has affected some parts of Africa.
We need to work together as a team.
European countries have promoted football at an international level.
Barkcloth is a traditional cloth made in Uganda
My friend put on an expensive outfit.
Violence against women and girls takes different forms.
The finances were for service provision
Sometimes people know the fellow residents that cause insecurity in the area.
Are there tax holidays for companies operating in Uganda?
Should sex education be done at school or at home?
What are the causes of infertility among married couples?
The heart surgery was successful.
Have you ever toured around Lake Albert?
Hospitals are very important facilities in the community.
Her mother is a very tough woman.
I am staying with my family.
Many participants attended that concert.
The community donated to the refugees living in the region.
Students need to start applying for internship before the semester ends.
The government aims at establishing new infrastructures in Moyo district.
Girls and women are tortured by men every day.
He is the new ambassador to China.
He fell on his knees to ask for forgiveness.
The soldier saved his colleague from the rebels during the war.
His kindness has made him a great man.
The rebel leader refused to sign the agreement until their terms are met.
Commanders in police must give commands.
The government announced a compulsory inspection of all pharmacies in Ntinda.
The district leaders should lobby more funds from the government.
Many organizations have come up to help the victims of war.
Soldiers and health workers need to be recognised for their tireless effort.
Our company gives awards to the best performers annually.
Children should be fed well to avoid malnutrition.
He promised to clear all his taxes.
What happens in the newsroom?
The reformer would have to curtail elite privileges.
I met one of my old school girls today.
It's not your fault that you got bad grades.
He expected an apology from his mother for abandoning him at an early age.
Most of the public servants want salary increments.
We buy medicine from the drug shops.
He was voted best footballer of the year.
Farming programs on radio provide information on how to access cassava planting materials.
He has apologized for raising his voice at her during the meeting.
Civil servants often ask for salary increments
The Arua Muslim district comprises the district of Arua and Maracha.
The injured player was carried on a stretcher to the ambulance.
It had no plan of choking other actors and occupying political space.
Some women are devoted to their marriages.
The dangers of this disease will be assessed and remedies will be provided.
Some police officers saw misconduct as part of their work.
My brother milks the cows every morning.
The two graduated in the same year.
Let us wait for the judge's ruling.
When getting your oil changed, use a natural oil additive.
The young boy ensures total cleanliness at home before he goes to school.
People should use the resources at their disposal and engage in business activities.
The issues concerning the taxes will be solved.
Over the same period, the league needed at least two billion shillings to run.
Some athletes are good at running long distances.
They did not want people on the land.
Negotiation is a key skill that we need to have.
All fans will contribute ten thousand shillings.
What are the indicators of mature politics?
Certain songs are played for specific occasions.
Pregnant women need special attention while in the hospital.
The water in the river has reduced.
The district registered new cases of the deadly virus.
Road users are not following traffic lights?
When leaders come back for meetings, residents ask them for money.
Parents should encourage their children to study.
I cannot leave home without taking breakfast.
Schools are expected to open next month.
Children who fall sick while at school are first taken to the sickbay.
There are more cases of defilement in the area.
She is being charged for forging the client's signature in the contract.
Who is the current commander of the land forces in Uganda?
He is the minister's bodyguard.
Nsambya hospital opened a diabetes clinic for young children.
Sometimes using force on fellow humans is not necessary.
We set off from church at the same time.
Kaggwa attained a law degree from Makerere University.
People change from one job to another for better payments.
Children are taken to school to learn how to read and write.
Samsung five is a great manifesto of the brand purpose and mission of the Samsung series.
We are issuing out fertilizers to the most active farmers.
Government should address the wrongs around elections.
He encouraged people to plant trees in their compounds.
It's shocking when a long-serving cabinet member loses a house due to debts.
It will be shown on television.
you have a right to plead not guilty in a court
Government has funded several projects.
My daughter has outgrown most of her dresses.
Did you have a good time at the party?
There was an eyewitness when it all happened.
I spent six hours watching what was going on in the court.
My late son was laid to rest yesterday.
He handed to you a grey box package.
Why are you using traditional medicine?
The whole group of friends was charged for her kidnapping.
How did Idi Amin come to power?
Some people are worried about the fact that others might become better than them.
The ambassador said that he is glad that the Legal Training Center has made a transition.
He dropped out of school at the age of sixteen years.
The current government is appealing to the International Monetary Fund.
We used the bus to travel from home to school.
Projects have a life span.
He led us in prayer before we had dinner.
More road safety sensitization is a need in rural areas as it's done in urban communities
It is costly to access the health facilities in our area.
Do you have this sweater in red?
The electoral commission is preparing election next year.
Such training began way back in the late sixties.
Heis father was murdered.
No one cared about the mad man in our village.
She wrote a story about the president's childhood.
This latest blow to the development of African football audiences cannot be understood.
His dance strokes made us laugh even more.
Some issues if not managed at the initial stages they can go out of hand.
Politicians expect to pay their loans through corruption on being appointed to cabinet
Can a new administrator succeed where Bemanya has failed?
I spend my salary on rent and food.
The spokesperson of police addressed the press yesterday evening.
Some companies employ on a contract basis.
With the help of these materials, children will attend school every day.
The boy jumped from the second floor of the building.
He urged the locals to donate blood.
How can businesses attain financial growth amidst the pandemic?
This serves as a strong accusation for Africa.
The taxi drivers refused to raise their transport prices.
Criminals not only rob but also take away people's peace.
We need more equipment in the laboratory.
Some trees have very big roots.
We then tried to make sure things are done in the right way
She is the woman member of parliament elected for that district.
Uganda will construct a railway line towards the Tanzanian border and Kenya respectively
We received some food relief.
The locals are advised to respect the curfew.
The forty-eight-hour rule is no longer being followed.
The company requests all visitors to wash their hands with water and soap.
Some leaders forget about the people who voted them to be where they are.
Uganda Cranes is hoping for a transformation.
She lived alone in the village for many years.
Students' phones were confiscated.
The activities included civic education training, public debates on radio.
She lived alone for many years.
The delegates decided not to elect a new regional leader.
Religious leaders should advise political leaders.
He has ill manners.
Some of the runners did not complete the marathon.
Teacher's retirement packages should be paid in time.
Some locals are very poor to afford certain services.
The country has been praised by an international organization.
People were very violent.
He said he would rather take the money home instead of the parliament.
The leaders are having a meeting about the prices of electricity.
Some illnesses can result into death.
Pedestrians walk on road pavements.
The five siblings shared ten million Uganda shillings among themselves.
It continues to set the pace for the coverage of politics and business news.
The government needs to provide enough water for domestic use and agricultural purposes.
The bishop advocated for an increase in security within the area.
We are watching the match between the greatest boxers.
Some family heads have failed to feed their families because of the lockdown.
Her attackers were never arrested to answer for their crimes.
Who started the riot?
Our mission is to support single mothers to start small businesses to support themselves.
He moved with his family to Rwanda.
This is my first child.
The children were jumping and clapping while playing.
They did serious training for this competition.
My friend started up a charity organization to help needy children.
What do you term success?
The ruling party strongly believes that they are going to win the upcoming elections.
The leaders have come together to develop their nations.
There are few health centers in Northern Uganda.
Infants are cared for by their parents.
Do you have some money on you?
The washing bay's customer base has increased this year.
Exhibitions at times avail free services for the public.
Cancer affects all people and does not discriminate.
He pleaded guilty to three robberies.
Confederation of African Football may review its relationship with its Egyptian host.
The students were told not to play around rivers without adult supervision.
The workshop comprised leaders from all parts of the country.
I last talked to her three months ago.
The university has released the examination timetable.
Most people go to medical centres when their sickness is serious.
Limited contacts with various people limit one's exposure to contracting diseases.
Rhinoceros are hunted and killed for their horns.
It's a ten minutes drive from here to town.
He left the world with little beyond his many jokes, and funny observations.
She will also be at the event.
The tube that connects to the oil tank is leaking.
He is supervising the project in Hoima.
I plan to get married next year.
People will be forced to obey the covid nineteen directives.
Sleeping under a mosquito net prevents malaria.
The vaccines were fake.
They started an investigation to help both parties involved.
The leader was attending a meeting in Abu Dhabi.
The law must be implemented.
What brand of car is the most expensive?
This organization donates clothes and food to those in need.
Everyone needs the freedom to freely express their ideas.
Early teenage pregnancies are a major problem in rural areas.
People should be aware that Covid nineteen is very dangerous.
Most of the cutlery in her kitchen rusted.
Many whites have learnt how to play our traditional musical instruments.
That organization has three heritage sites in Uganda.
They will learn about using computers.
Many businesses made losses during the pandemic.
When is the next football match?
The company has a blue-white logo.
My uncle is sitting in his chair reading a newspaper.
How many seconds are in two minutes?
She described his death as unexpected.
Cctv cameras help reinforce security in an area.
Wishing someone a good holiday just shows you care.
Her father listened carefully to her graduation speech.
What do military and veterans hospitals do?
It took him a lot of time to set up the equipments for videography.
The deceased was operating a saloon.
She is a comedian.
Fans have spearheaded the fundraising campaign.
India has the longest surviving democracy of any poor country in the world today.
It is the parents' duty to groom their children.
She participated in all the outdoor games.
I will bring you your science textbook as soon as I find it.
The government will gazette the wetlands of Enyau river.
The organization helped in the fight against children disabilities.
How much does a liter of diesel cost in Uganda?
Are there elephants in the zoo?
Supervision is the act of supervising someone or something.
Cultural leaders should be given proper security.
A new generator was acquired for the health centre.
Some roads should be named after presidents.
School inspectors use motorcycles to supervise schools.
They were divorced after ten years of marriage.
Dr. Kojan's invention of the portable Ebola treatment unit is being celebrated.
Conflict, civil wars, natural calamities have caused people to move to new places.
That department has been allocated more money than ours.
Bamburi Cement's initiative to successfully rehabilitate and conserve biodiversity earned it global recognition.
The university hospital gives first aid to students.
It is good to read newspapers on a daily basis.
Mecca is considered a holy city.
There were two distinct versions of soccer.
The police officer helped the children cross the road.
Court helps solve society disputes.
They called journalists to escort them to meet control leaders.
He faced a tough time in office.
The rights were reported to cost about one billion.
There was no enough evidence to convict the suspect.
People held meetings to discuss the existing challenges in the society.
It's the court that gives the date to hear court cases
Elephants are hunted for their ivory.
Very many trees have been cut down recently.
They are using sport to empower young refugees.
The coronavirus pandemic has changed people's lives.
The government distributed face masks all over the country last year.
As a result of these tensions, people prefer to vote for their tribesmen.
The district committee has urged traders to pay their license fees on time.
Pass me that cup of coffee.
She has a hard-working mentality.
My father was taken into quarantine so that he wouldn't infect the rest of the family.
They did not expect to lose the match.
Some churches are administratively managed.
Employers must refer to the employment contract before making any employment decisions.
Our new neighbor is a police officer.
That child has bad manners.
There is difficulty in delivering better services in the capital city.
Fathers should be sensitized on how to help youths engage in useful activities.
The cities will commence operations next month.
Individual soccer lovers contribute the biggest chunk of the needed funds.
Sometimes things do not turn out as we expect.
The coronavirus toll-free lines were provided by the Ministry of Health.
Her father insisted on selling their land.
The parliament has as well created new counties.
Is the country in a position to pay its debts?
Two Thousand nineteen category winners include KIA, Mazda, KIA Soul EV BMW eight series.
Who was his predecessor?
Most of my top managers are in their forties.
The two struck a good relationship right from the start.
The official said that only four soldiers were killed in the attack.
Court operates on evidence availed.
The team lost the game by a few points.
Thank you for helping us to become proud parents.
Governments have a crucial role to play in improving immunization.
Some women are the breadwinners in their homes.
Some of the vendors accused the local leaders of stealing their money through high taxes.
Extension of the Measles-Rubella immunization campaign.
The truth about the murder case will eventually come out.
Who heads the Uganda Electoral commission?
Legislators are the leading lawbreakers
I do not know what lies ahead for primary school children.
We are fighting for our freedom.
There is no money for compensation.
Garden crops are watered.
Her children look very miserable.
For the first time, the president appointed a female prime minister.
My father is one of the founders of this company.
Offences are done by people.
What was the cause of the riot?
The court ordered him to stop evicting people from the land.
The schedule for this year's football matches has been released.
A new coach was appointed for our football team.
My sister invited her friends to her wedding.
Recently, the brewery used four-point nine liters of water per liter of beer.
Eating spoilt food may cause diseases like diarrhea.
The girls shall talk with their mother.
What was written in today's newspapers?
She handed over the twenty million shillings.
Ucom resumed control of the company two years later following the lifting of international sanctions against Libya.
We need a place where we can grow crops.
Every business has got its own risks.
A tool kit to improve the quality of Tuberculosis care has been launched.
It is wise to pay workers after they have performed their roles.
We can prevent diseases by eat maintaining proper hygiene and eating well.
He is a devoted member of the party.
Refugees need to feel secure in the host country.
Let us face life together.
There is a need to have good communication skills in the organization.
How many leave days do you have?
The company has restricted the number of visitors allowed to enter the office.
A compound fracture is also known as an open fracture.
Moroto Bus Terminal has been shunned by the bus operators
Employees should be notified before the termination of their contracts.
There is an improvement of access to antenatal care services for pregnant women.
He refused to clean the house.
Uganda needs to improve its public health system.
I think universities should be reopened.
The government intends to widen some roads in Wakiso district.
I can't believe even my sister can go against me.
We make very heavy clay products.
We reached late for the party.
A new cabinet was appointed today.
I negotiate with the shop attendants to save money on shopping.
They own land in Kampala.
Everyone is responsible for their healthy wellbeing.
Our actions send a message to those around us.
He didn't break any rules when he saved the street children.
The government will take over school construction.
Most policy decisions ignore the contribution of natural resources to people.
The task force should work hand in hand with the police
The residents have set a condition for him.
She was born in a very poor family.
Despite the existence of laws, people continue to defile them.
I was told about her challenges.
Even wheels that do not require replacing can still cause issues.
The children started crying when their parents left.
Houses in wetlands have poorly constructed toilets.
He gave the participants money in support of the sport.
The police has a right to arrest anyone.
Which district are you representing?
It is recommended to breastfeed a newborn for the first six months.
What was the cause of chaos between Muslims and the police?
It is the only one that has been able to continue to broadcast games.
He went to a cheap bar to drink.
Several leaders attended the workshop.
The company manager was arrested and detained last week.
Sports activities resumed but only players are allowed in the stadiums.
Some people did not vote.
All rape cases should be reported.
When someone falls ill, they can go to any hospital.
The government should improve the country's internal security.
What are some of the importances of rivers?
They should wait a bit before leaving home.
How many dependants do you have?
Rural farmers have not adopted irrigation during dry seasons.
Women are humans, not animals.
She swallows medicine every day.
Churches and supermarkets will have to follow the new law.
This attitude shows that Kagame feels that his government faces constant threats.
The swearing in ceremony of the new district chairman happened yesterday.
Kaggwa was a commissioner and former chairman of the Independent Permanent Human Rights Commission.
I had to avoid looking at other men naked.
Lawyers apply many skills to win cases.
The land is a remembrance of the former president of our country.
Have your say during the election.
There is a need to deploy security guards at the border .
The high court has dismissed his application.
The voice did not sound like her brother's.
They congregated to praise and worship God.
Most crops dried up because we have not received rain for two months.
So to get to achieve what we came here for is something really special.
He plays two musical instruments.
Some people use their hands to eat food.
The journalist met with the university leaders.
She is a person of very few words.
They all have different responsibilities on the team.
More coronavirus patients were realised after testing in June.
The forest has many trees.
Women were created in God's image, so they deserve to be respected.
There are quite a number of Ugandans living and working in South Africa
I can only work if the salary is good.
It is globally proven that women live longer than men.
These failures offer the opposition a powerful platform to rally for change.
A political party should always have strong candidates.
The production of different crop varieties is what will help that man.
We need our student identity cards to sit examinations.
Countries with poor leadership lag behind in development.
Everything was explained in the video.
I don't have the required qualifications for that job.
The districts have poor health care services.
My young brother dipped his hands in hot porridge.
Who are some of the national heroes you know?
Some leaders donated farm seeds and materials.
The second round of the competition is back.
He bought a plot of land for his mother.
What is wrong with your eye?
We need more funds.
We always sweep the house when it is dirty.
The angry bees swarmed out and stung his head, nose, and eyes.
It was meant to deepen the integration process through liberalization and promotion of trade.
Leaders should ensure transparency in the management of resources.
The government-sponsored some refugee girls to study home economics and catering.
You left your radio here last night.
Uganda raises profile as Meetings, Incentives, Conferences and tourism destination.
The company sued the government over canceling its services for no proper reason.
Some ministers were not appointed this presidential term.
Testing a large group of coronavirus patients at once causes infection of those who are negative.
The unreasonably high prices have created a surplus over the period.
How was your first experience at work?
He works at the railway station.
The presidential elections were postponed by three months.
Tourism is increasingly becoming a major foreign exchange earner with minimal government investment
The big tree in the compound was cut down.
The state attorney was against granting the accused a court bail.
When she smiles, dimples appear on her cheeks.
The media council has awarded the best sports journalist of the year.
It is advisable for everyone in the district to have a garden.
It was too dark for me to see anything in the room.
Unclear land boundaries cause a lot of conflicts in the country.
What are some of your fears?
He has never met his wife's family.
My mother deals in the sale of barkcloth products.
Our chairman is the newly appointed patron of the youths club in our village.
The lorry was bought at two hundred eighty-five million shillings.
He stopped playing for the Uganda national football team.
Settlements are not allowed in reserved areas.
The ministry of lands opened up its regional offices.
What are some of the challenges faced by journalists in Uganda?
Her mother and sister visited her at school last Sunday.
The truck with the matooke has just arrived.
My neighbor has earned a lot of money from pork roasting.
There is ink in your pocket.
The action will yield negative results.
Tourism provides employment opportunities.
I have been wondering where to go for my vacation.
When is martyrs' day celebrated?
If our competitors are too jubilate, they will be making a mistake.
She asked for clarification on the elections.
Cash crops are very profitable.
She has planted trees in the land her father left her.
What are the benefits of practicing democracy in the country?
The trained youth should be given space for employment.
He did not hide his feelings towards her.
Raise your hand if you know the answer.
Whenever the team scored a goal, the fans would celebrate.
Your bail application will be put on hold.
The church is a peaceful place.
The government allocated thirteen billion towards road construction in Moyo district.
These rights had been bought from Lagardre.
What causes land grabbing?
The ambulances were purchased for expectant pregnant mothers.
The priest was transferred to another region.
A task force is a unit especially organised for a task.
He was gifted with a car.
We have criminalized ways of managing power relations in Uganda
He is one of the drummists in the church choir.
What is the role played by the Uganda Wildlife Authority?
The Bill provides the minister with the power to appoint members of the Council.
The team lost the match today.
How can we help people who have hearing problems?
While some diseases are incurable others are curable.
Some people claimed it was a ghost settlement.
The purpose of the display exercise is to enable voters to confirm their names in the register.
The president thanked the doctors who are treating the coronavirus patients.
Students should be sensitized about the significance of education in their lives.
A policeman beat up several journalists trying to cover the legislator's arrest.
He has achieved one hundred percent success in this too.
The police spokesperson updates the public on certain current security issues.
What has excited you so much today?
It was such a tragedy that the country experienced.
During her senior six vacation, she volunteered to teach at her former school.
Children below the age of eighteen are not eligible voters.
What procedures does one have to go through to get a license?
It could cost us if we lost an election.
An exhibition offers the public a rare opportunity to view firsthand the classical masterpieces.
The minister advised all sick people to seek immediate medical attention.
Is it right for a teacher to set high expectations for her students?
The law includes a penalty of five years in jail.
We scheduled a meeting for Monday morning.
We have some misunderstandings are mongs us.
Muslims celebrate two Eids in a year.
They proved to them that they can do anything boys can do.
The market is really organized.
The communications officer refused to give any information to the press.
That is the biggest market in Uganda.
Electrification helps to reduce poverty.
The foreign nationals who tested negative for coronavirus will undergo self-isolation.
The thirst for political office is a major cause of the tensions.
A group of the main opposition parties boycotted the electoral process.
People have acquired capital to help them engage in business activities.
There are no publicly known cases of individuals stealing public funds.
Different tribes have different cultures.
Change is sometimes necessary.
Hospitals are advised to start record digitalization for better management.
They will take an oath of office.
Will you enrol for that course?
He was crowned the king in one thousand nine hundred ninety three.
The church leader has called upon Ugandans to live peacefully with others.
Farmers gain knowledge on planting good seeds, and the diseases affecting their crops.
Our village does not have piped water.
People pledged their support to the leaders in enhancing development.
He is accused of disobeying the president's instructions.
People are complaining about the decision made by the commission director.
People think the corrupt steal for them.
Doctors are required to wear gloves when examining patients.
The beach is crowded on weekends.
Her motivation was not known.
Mother makes special clothes with ribbons, buttons and beads.
He does this for survival to avoid involving himself in any fight.
The defense lawyers want the case to be dismissed.
As he was making dinner his can opener stopped working.
For poor people, small donations of sugar or meat and soap acquire disproportionate importance.
She likes playing computer games.
History was my best done subject in the final year exams.
Coronavirus infections have increased in Uganda.
It is very difficult to find people wearing barkcloth these days.
He said restoring the quarries enabled the cement firm to help in air purification.
I have a date tonight.
The group needs to be penetrated to know their plans.
Uganda has launched an independent media council.
The project aimed to improve urban planning.
The festive season is a season to celebrate.
The number of engineers under registration is limited.
It is the biggest hospital in the whole region with all the health facilities.
Cooperating is better than fighting.
He acquired another loan before clearing the previous one.
Coffee is one of the major cash crops in Uganda.
He successfully cooperated with other leaders.
Party members are required to follow the party rules and procedures.
A market caught fire last year and destroyed people's merchandise.
The district has poor infrastructures.
The wedding was postponed because the groom was involved in a car accident.
The forest land was gazetted by the government.
The health officer advised all food stuff sellers to always keep their stalls clean.
The police has started their investigations in the land issues.
My father was transfused with artificial blood while the doctors tried to find a suitable donor for him.
At what time does the herdsman take the cows for grazing?
The fans were not contented with the game results.
The club only has renowned football players.
Some of the routine maintenance services include engine oil and filter change
He sent armed men to kill his rival.
Many people in Karamoja depend on cattle keeping as a source of livelihood.
He applied to work at the university.
The next match is tomorrow.
How big is the national stadium in Uganda?
Parents sponsor their children to learn various western musical instruments.
The confederation of African football will lose some revenue.
Students performed so well this year.
He is constructing a new house for his mother in the village.
The program was introduced to level the education field.
It may show an oil change to be performed at five thousand miles.
He was looking good in the jean trousers.
The National Resistance Council had expanded its membership with two hundred twenty county representatives.
The blood donation campaign had very few supporters.
He concentrated on his studies and passed with good grades.
She is researching the king's names.
He is making changes in the organization.
A bigger percentage of the criminals are drug abusers.
Residents have a right to voice whatever they are not comfortable with.
In Uganda government gives a share of its tourism revenues to neighboring communities.
The government vehicles should be used strictly for official work.
I want to buy a new laptop.
The people have problems with the water supply in the area.
Members of the political party are fighting against themselves.
Come along with that dictionary.
We have shillings two hundred million for education on coffee production.
Lack of proper forest monitoring has supported deforestation.
She took a photograph of the newlyweds.
Innovations in Arua have simplified business activities.
All security agencies provide security to the people.
The school is registering new workers.
There are national schools` football competitions every year.
The health officers have extended testing and counselling services to the people.
Aspiring candidates have been given enough time to campaign.
How do mad people behave?
In Uganda, a man must give dowry to the girl's parents.
Students were told not to litter the school compound.
Always have a driving permit whenever you're driving
My father is a very powerful man in this village.
Unity could lead to economic transformation.
There is a small shop near our house.
Certificates were given out on the handover ceremony.
People should sanitize and wash their hands regularly.
The deceased was praised for his good work while in the army.
Cultural leaders are significant people in the community.
Dr. Besigye criticized the creeping autocracy under President Yoweri Museveni.
The president appointed a female Vice President.
It is good to improve skills and promote the talents of the girl child.
There are very many bean diseased plants in this area.
She got a loan from the bank to start her business.
During the festive season, over five families were stolen in the area.
Frontline workers receive their Reach awards.
Politicians, businessmen and religious leaders all have the power to stimulate developments.
The local music groups presented many items compared to the visiting teams.
The angry youth looted goods from people's shops.
Is it necessary to make an election petition?
When will you plant these beans?
The government should get independent quarantine centres.
He promised to clear the debt by the end of the year.
We use disinfectant to clean the baby's play mat.
Parents were encouraged to pay schools fees in time.
The organisation has been providing relief aid to refugees for three years.
I found him melting the metal at the factory.
There was no law against walking after three o'clock in the morning.
Health workers should be vaccinated first because they are more prone to the virus.
He looked sad when he left the house.
There should be a way to check if the deadlines have been met.
They decided to construct the main offices first.
There will be a poverty reduction.
Culture guides people to live morally upright.
Which football team do you think will win this game?
The district officials were unhappy with the help of the nurse towards the patient.
The constitution gives the president power to select his cabinet.
Some funds were allocated to fieldwork.
Kickboxing has many boxing levels.
What is the purpose of this investigation?
Our pharmacists will inform the public about how hardened some diseases are to drugs.
That organization donated desks to the village school.
The students are graduating with first-class degrees.
The army disapproved the rumors.
Advertisement is a way of creating awareness to the public.
She said she has some good news for us.
It is the teacher that makes the difference, not the classroom.
Renewable energy is collected from renewable resources.
As the registrar reached the judgment of the five judges, tension mounted.
The newly elected Kadhi speaks both English and Arabic.
The new building at our school has cracks.
Most of the lower-income countries were heavily indebted in the nineteen nineties.
My grandfather was a great mathematician.
The public was warned against tarnishing the teacher's name.
Among the major challenges of the district is the poor health services.
Pigs are commonly reared for commercial purposes.
The government has done enough sensitization on sexually transmitted diseases.
What is the age range for the youths?
The teacher told her to write a story about the prince and the princess.
He made a strong door to cover the entrance.
The statement was made by the chairperson.
The thief hid in the forest when the police was searching for him.
Government has increased salaries of medical workers effective next month.
How much money was allocated to the tourism sector in this current budget?
Why do I confuse people's names?
The health surveillance systems ensure early detection, response to risks of outbreaks.
Each debate team had to score at least six points to qualify for the next round.
The government has released money to support the footballers in international competitions.
More people wish to buy shares in the company.
An average of thirty-six women and girls are raped every day.
The Democratic Republic of Congo suffers from a worryingly low vaccination rate.
His income has transformed their way of living.
I need to replace my phone screen.
If indeed we were strategic we would be having partnerships in many areas.
The governor has warned financial institutions against charging high-interest rates on their customers.
Politicians tighten their grip on power by constantly giving out money to their constituents.
Her daughter was abducted for political reasons.
Uganda has a lot of nice places for tourists.
The musician delayed arriving on stage.
The high taxes have affected hotel owners.
The mob has been arrested for not respecting the law.
There have been many cases of fraud in that organization.
I rarely visit my friends.
African football is getting wide coverage.
Journalists play a very important role.
You need a lot of money to build a good house.
He donated fish storage refrigerators to the traders.
Everything should be included in the annual report.
She attended the meeting and made a detailed report about it.
The team has been training hard for tomorrow's game.
Unai Pascual is a professor at the Basque center for climate change in Spain.
How many coronavirus cases do we have?
The president requested people to pray from home because God is everywhere.
There is no political or religious affiliation when it comes to health.
Roads were constructed before declaring Lira a city.
The school requested that funds were provided to improve infrastructure.
The organization needs more money.
Above all, he was a Ugandan nationalist.
Why is it so difficult for some people to forgive others?
Zimbabwean Finance Minister Mthuli Ncube said the country receives money from donor countries.
There were some emotional scenes in the movie.
Ceremonies like marriage and funerals shall continue to exist as long as people exist.
Who is responsible for the implementation of public policy?
The information in the mediation is very confidential.
The company said an improved operating environment will boost their sales.
We should follow the rules and regulations.
I am sure it will not matter if I put a little meat on the fire.
This bill has been fought for years
The soil in this area is sandy.
They do not know why all the cows have disappeared.
He has won lots of medals over the years.
Future generations will never forgive us for this.
She is allergic to cold weather.
He encouraged us not to give up.
This was done to promote productivity in the community.
Mbale roads were unusable because of soil heaps dumped by the contractor.
He built his parents a four-roomed house.
I have a sneaking suspicion they will do well.
Their father passed away two weeks after their mother's funeral.
My mother always comments on my dress code.
The prison force is still searching surrounding places to find the escapees.
Malac has low-cut blonde hair and colorful outfits.
She deliberately refused to answer him when he greeted her.
Women have taken up high positions in government.
I will send a team of students to help you.
These leaders are selfish.
The family should follow legal procedures as they lay the boy to rest.
The old woman uses a stick to support herself.
They will not attend to your problems if you go to them.
Security forces were ordered to leave the home of the opposition leader.
Do you read the bible?
Unity means we put aside our differences and work together.
My son wants to be a judge when he grows up.
She joined high school at eighteen years of age.
The losses which we made last year are expected.
Different cultural leaders should unite for development.
The government has encouraged social distancing, washing hands and putting on masks.
This is why we need to understand, even though we may refuse to endorse Museveni.
The student rioters were arrested.
This should be a learning experience.
We need to resort to renewable sources of energy.
There will be a lot of eats, drinks and entertainment.
Schools and markets should be left open.
He saves part of his salary every month.
One below the age of eighteen years is considered underage.
Some early missionaries never returned to their home countries.
The men were building the office block slower than planned.
Makerere University has been ranked third in the top 40 universities in Sub-Saharan Africa
More people are moving to towns.
Some of the goods sold in the market are highly perishable.
The finances should be refunded
The deceased has left a legacy.
All prosecutions involving that law must have stayed indefinitely.
Vocational skills are an important form of education for refugees
We are all responsible for tree planting.
Some banks offer lower interest rates to their customers.
The economy in the country is at its downfall.
That building is guarded by ten police officers.
We earn very low wages.
He sells hats made from backcloth fabric.
The company is hiring people with four years of experience in the profession.
He predicted that he would lose the election.
The next day she felt bold enough to make a fire to warm herself.
What makes you happy?
Most leadership positions are occupied by men.
Many criminals can’t afford to hire lawyers because they are expensive.
Marriages are breaking due to various things.
I boiled rice for thirty minutes.
She was only interested in the political party's fame.
He is a very sensitive person.
She reduced the price of her eggs so that she could get more customers.
Do you have food to eat today?
You should start saving some money for your future.
He has outlived many of his bush compatriots in large.
Tourists need accommodation facilities when they come to Uganda.
The decision was made by the National Resistance Council.
Rabbits are small animals.
Only one team can win the match.
One of the supporters was severely injured while jubilating his win.
He sets an alarm clock to help him wake up in time for work.
The school has given out bursaries to needy children.
Doctor Richard explained that the biggest challenge is that African countries lack income.
I do not know why Monday is a busy day for most people.
What are some of the hymns we sang in church?
The ministry of defence will provide all health supplies and equipment to the hospital.
And what will be the result?
The park will have a big shopping mall.
She lost most of her wealth.
It was then known as the Movement.
The last court session will be held today.
She requested her husband to give her more money because she didn't have enough for groceries.
Security operatives were arrested yesterday for killing a civilian.
He is part of the climate change team.
It does not mean that we cannot outgrow it
It is part of the sixty accelerator labs globally.
They lost the Uganda cup final to city rivals.
Fans get discouraged when their favorite teams lose the match.
There is a waterfall on that mountain.
They disclosed the project budget.
Many lakes have water hyacinth.
Guns alone cannot fight terrorism.
Refugees conflicted with the people of Moyo over land.
Besides his family's history, he was determined to make his own legacy.
There is poor communication at the municipality.
Ugandans are great people.
The priesthood is a calling from God.
An appeal should be put in writing.
Photographs remind us of different memories.
You take the front line when there is danger.
His lawyer withdrew from the case after receiving a bribe from the defendant.
There is prolonged detention of prisoners.
Uganda's total population is over forty four million people.
The media gave them fair coverage.
The mosquito nets were given out for two months.
The institute focuses on improving technology and advancing project management.
People in Adjumani have acquired skills to engage in business.
Car theft is very rampant in the country these days.
He was caught cheating in the examination.
The cameras will replace eyewitnesses.
This is the information provided.
Small voter involvement in the district and mayoral polls is attributed to no campaigns.
All police officers combined effort to end the protests.
Besigye publicly declared his intention to challenge Museveni in a press statement.
The forum will address issues affecting the political parties.
Middlemen in the honey business earn more than the farmers.
Many people were walking to work during the lockdown because public transport had been suspended.
Police arrested a group of youths who attacked their fellows in their neighborhood.
During the minister's speech, he encouraged the locals to protect the environment.
He has played football since the age of eight.
It was Zaire by then in One thousand nine hundred seventy-six.
The government should protect the church property from being taken by banks.
She explored the details of businesses in Kenya.
Farmers have to improve soil fertility in order to have a better harvest.
We all clapped for the best player in the match.
She had to find a way to get warmth for her baby because it was cold.
The clock no longer works.
The minister didn't receive the invitation.
Government should be fair in allocating equalisation grants.
Simon Kinobe is the president of the Uganda Law society.
We are required to pay at least two million Ugandan shillings.
My sister was having a hard time washing all the clothes on her own.
He was punished for failing to put their summons in writing.
These shops also sell office clothes and other accessories.
The construction company should work together with the roads authority.
Uganda has not yet reached middle-income status.
The land belonged to a certain group of traders.
Many people cannot afford the cost of health care in Uganda.
Uganda said it would only join bilateral military arrangements with the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Why is he peeping through the window?
Courts were temporarily closed.
Children should get involved in business activities during the lockdown.
My wife designs beautiful wedding gowns.
The technology will help the district to ensure proper record keeping.
Meat is a source of calcium for the body.
Medical problems cause poor performance at school.
For five years, the men waited to have their case heard.
Drivers have an association that unites them.
He has bought a new car.
Instead of selling, reach out to a wider audience.
Please avoid gatherings and public places during these pandemic times.
He hired a lawyer to assist him throughout the court case.
Refugees in different districts should be united.
The tourism sector faces a number of challenges as they lack capital
We are spending a lot of money on water.
Uganda has a few specialized doctors.
Why do some animals run with their tails lifted?
The final decision is yet to be made.
Mosquitoes locate blood hosts by scent, sight, and heat.
Two of the four elections were conducted under a multi-party system of governance.
The Administrator of Uganda telecom's contract is expiring but you want to renew his contract
She is now begging for money on the streets.
The manager hasn't given me feedback about the project proposal I submitted last week.
We have completed the registration process of our company.
I am sorry for I was rude to you yesterday.
Do not sympathise with criminals.
He submitted an incident report yesterday.
The table was made out of wood.
Agriculture is a common economic activity in Uganda
I have read a lot of books.
Their food has been transferred to the stores.
The council was the parliament of that time.
Appointed members of the commission are selected by the parliamentary committee.
The heavy rains destroyed people's homes.
The man has a big wound on his leg.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees offers financial assistance to refugees.
Some parts of the country are experiencing famine.
During the Arua ordeal, Kaggwa visited me.
Confederation of African football and Lagardere want to solve the dispute in two ways.
They accepted to sponsor her education.
The commemoration of the East African Community's twenty years is a public program.
He is missing his family.
Parents should always make time for their children.
The bookshop was destroyed by fire.
Sick people should not play football.
Uganda Telecom's troubles started in two thousand seven with big debts.
He took his vehicle from repair.
Most hotels in Uganda have good managers.
The new contracts are still pending.
A big tent was raised for the guests who will watch the football match.
The company that was hired to repair our road did substandard work.
Her mother knows all her friends.
That man escaped from the rebels this morning.
They used the art of photography to communicate this mess.
Don’t lean on that glass table.
He has three older sisters.
What does it mean to accumulate wealth?
It aimed at creating financial ability across the board.
The government has failed to recruit teachers.
He was lively before he was imprisoned.
We need to ensure the rule of law in this nation.
She hopes to be a successful engineer in the future.
Better quality of the honey will enable farmers to export their produce.
We are always ready to receive guests.
Fight against torture.
The heavy rains washed away the soil.
He has stayed in Kampala city for a very long time.
The district officials have failed to cooperate with refugee leaders.
There should be full accountability for government funds.
Government programs should be taken seriously.
There is an easy spread of diseases in crowded areas.
What do you want your child to be in the future?
The national budget did not provide enough funds for school construction.
Dreams if worked upon, can be realised.
Victor Bwire stated that journalists will be trained on the effects of climate change.
Over two hundred thousand visitors a year visit Bamburi Haller Park.
Sudan should engage in industrialization and agricultural mechanization.
Married people usually have a lot of responsibilities to accomplish.
We made a mat from papyrus reeds.
This project is sponsored by a foreign country.
When is the next football league?
Corruption has hindered the resettlement exercise.
South Sudan spent more in two thousand eighteen compared to two thousand seventeen.
The leaders were advised to be an example to their community.
The radio station was put off-air due to some illegal programs aired.
When was the last population census carried out in the country?
The church donated Life-saving equipment.
Rwanda hosted the African Basketball Championship.
I need some water.
The children's immunity has been compromised.
The government will increase funds for palm oil production.
Let us see who is better at dancing.
The community has offered land for construction of the maternity ward.
The management should improve administration investigation.
Seedlings should be brought at the beginning of the wet season.
His wife is an engineer.
What is required for one to become a medical doctor?
The federation needs to construct more football grounds which fit international standards.
The mosque is closed at this time.
It is a source of income to the hosting district.
When is the news update?
The hospital will benefit the entire community.
Under what conditions can one get a promotion at work?
Ahmad defeated Hayatou in an election
That jungle is a home for criminals and drug dealers.
Some people report to bosses who are younger than them.
The government wants to reduce congestion in the city centre.
They granted us access to the room.
More police officers were deployed to tighten the security.
The hunters chased the buffalo into the trap.
My sister got a loan to finance her bakery business.
The government pledged to support the kingdom by building a new palace.
Some insects transmit diseases.
People infected with coronavirus are quarantined for fourteen days.
He is the founder of that political party.
The prayers will start in June.
The lady conceived four children from two men.
There were very many mourners at the burial.
Some youths are now suffering from internet addiction.
I am not the one who committed that crime.
We have not seen the accountant in a long time.
That Member of Parliament contributed fifty million Ugandan shillings towards the construction of the new hospital.
He will be highly charged for embezzlement of public money.
Youths should be encouraged to acquire technical skills.
The Federal Communications Commission used its congressionally delegated authority to impose Fairness Doctrine rules.
The eviction was not successful.
The chairman asked us for our challenges.
The Uganda revenue authority commissioner general is called Doris Akol.
I missed the morning lesson because of the heavy rain.
The Confederation for African Football was founded long ago.
The judge hasn't arrived yet.
I made more friends last year.
Some leaders are dictators.
The process is too slow and we are not sure if this will address our transportation issues adequately.
People should go for medical check-ups.
Some financial institutions charge unreasonably high interest rates on loans.
Nine hundred thousand lives will be saved.
You can not borrow money from that bank without a bank account.
I am very unhappy with the new leadership.
Youth volunteers would keep combing the crowd looking for the young, the elderly, and the disabled to take them to more appropriate places.
The district has suspended the non-performing staff at the district.
Cultural leaders have failed to cooperate.
He has won the race again.
He was a member of the ruling party before his death.
Companies advertise their products in order to acquire new customers.
National Water and Sewerage Corporation has trained about one thousand people.
This is aimed at enabling business continuity.
What happens after a patient has tested positive for coronavirus?
Some people blame the government for the poverty in the country.
The laboratory will test the quality levels of milk.
Music can unite people of different cultures across the world.
Children are being overworked either by their parents or other employers
The public should never take matters into its hands.
The ambulances were distributed to different hospitals in the district.
Growing crops on a large scale are more profitable.
She confessed her sins to the priest.
There is a need for extra storage facilities of farmer's produce.
It is unnecessary for one to dress excessively in order to look stylish
Priests usually stay near or within the church premises.
Various groups have been established in West Nile to fight tax injustices.
An information commons- is a key component of moving from tribes to the larger Unum.
The regime of Omar Al-Bashir was ousted after his thirty years of leadership.
He also has a passion for the rotary club.
He confirmed that the court finds her guilty of murder.
My uncle bought a big piece of land at a very low price.
People don’t want to associate because they fear getting into trouble.
Arua city has new leadership.
Jobs improve people's standards of living.
He used herbal medicine to cure his illness.
She hosts a children's show on television every Saturday afternoon.
Bush burning destroys the environment.
The ambulance owners are required to pay tax before using them.
Asthma and lung cancer are some of the respiratory diseases.
Bwire revealed that the Kenya Media Council is working with Makerere University.
Security officials are usually armed while executing most of their duties.
The school has the best football team in the whole country.
Kenyan police officers brutalized a student during a recent protest.
Newly elected officials should start working right away.
Some police officers mercilessly beat anyone they find moving on the streets at night.
The roman catholic priests are not allowed to marry.
The police report on the current murders is unsatisfactory.
Our basketball team does not have money to buy players.
The basketball game will start at midday.
This is not the first International move over ill-gotten money
Kojan came up with a way out.
A number of organizations have worked closely with Northern districts to help refugees.
The story is mainly about how he lost the election.
Unity will enable them to manage any challenge.
The relocation is expected to take about four months.
This was at Kingdom Kampala on December second.
Most of the students didn't receive their results.
Road pavements should be upgraded to the satisfaction of pedestrians.
The rate of unemployment amongst the youths in the country is very high.
It is wrong to assume that all Muslims are violent.
He is the director of the civil aviation authority.
How could you do that?
Malac has proved a force on the social scene.
Early marriages are rampant in the area.
He was arrested for forging false academic documents.
The revenue-maximizing goal was still the same as broadcasters.
How much balance did you remain with after the shopping?
My uncle bought food from the market.
Hockey is not a popular sport in Uganda.
Blood donors find it easier to get transfusion services when the need arises.
Some members are not happy with the decision.
The government has provided income to facilitate the restoration of wetlands in the country.
Ripe fruits are sweet.
Ankole clans make celebrations for their first annual harvest.
Due to the prevailing pandemic, musicians have made very many losses.
The protesters threw stones at the police during the November protests.
Her opponent falsely accused her.
Uganda put a ban on the importation of commodities that are locally manufactured.
My sister works with a marketing company.
In that year the school recorded the best performance ever.
Farmers should use effective and efficient agricultural measures to control the spread of pests and diseases.
Sometimes families controlled religious functions.
Young children need to always keep their minds fresh.
Traffic police officers ensure efficiency on the roads.
He could not go to his office because he was not feeling well.
Kidnappers often ask for ransom or sometimes kill the victim.
Most workers feel overworked by their jobs.
We should help each other overcome challenges.
Uganda will face Rwanda for the African cup qualification game early next year.
The poor man's children wear clothes with holes.
The areas with powerful ruling party officials will win the election
It is available in thirty kilograms bags.
All tests from the eleven foreigners turned out to be positive.
We are working on systems that improve efficiency in the transport sector.
There is a new police post in our trading center.
The figure was close to one hundred thirty-seven million dollars.
She was very kind to me.
What is the time now?
The government established mobile clinics to treat coronavirus patients.
The harmonization of the customs tariffs in the region will finally be achieved.
Without the fish, mosquitos will be all over this place.
It is my goal to be the leading movie actor.
She expressed her gratitude by kneeling down.
Valuable species of trees are cut down.
He screamed out of joy when his team won the match.
Different projects have been started to support the girl child.
May your marriage be blessed with joy, peace, and love.
National water has increased in the size of underground water pipes.
The earlier protocol on traffic structure had a more impact on Boda Boda riders.
They are withholding important details on taxation issues.
The mayors generally extracted fewer rental fees in the city.
Most of the rich people live in Kololo.
Many people in Bududa were left homeless as a result of the earthquake.
You should consider using grass for your home compound.
Several people were told to leave that land.
Incompetence is evaluated according to performance.
Uganda is a peaceful country.
What have you done since morning?
The Africa Cup of Nations final on television in a street in Dakar.
Conservationists explain that the construction will destroy the ecosystem and the country's tourism prospects.
How long should oneself quarantine?
Haven't you been told not to move at night?
Some students complained to the dean of the college about their missing results.
What kind of crimes attract life imprisonment?
All pupils should do an oral and written exam.
The ambulances have been a great contribution to the health sector.
He was the head of the three schools.
That is all he had to say.
There are many restaurants in our town.
Some of the contents contained in the document were not terrifying.
Parent involvement helps to improve student behaviour in the classroom.
What countries qualify to play in the Europa League?
This gives it a natural look.
The government set out plans to catch the corrupt officials in the public service.
The organisation is training the youth to be job creators.
She has a good English name
The country is preparing for a Measles-Rubella free community
Sexually Transmitted Diseases are contracted through sexual contact.
African government spent forty billion six million United States dollars.
We need to hire a professional for this job.
The school director will likely face charges of aggravated defilement and sexual assault.
The number of Ebola cases in the country has increased.
Today's sermon was about salvation.
Many people have limited access to clean water.
The medical body seeks to understand how citizens manage amidst having the disease.
Today's driver is the best!
I saw an elephant yesterday.
When she heard his voice, she rushed out of the house to see him.
He was arrested for murdering his wife.
How can we protect sensitive information from the public?
In many situations, choices can be difficult.
Museveni had earlier asked Kahinda Otafiire to search for a new administrator
The authority is required to investigate police misconduct.
He said that we had nothing wrong.
There is a lot of entertainment on the different television channels.
As one of the coronavirus restrictions, only twenty people are allowed to attend burials.
Which countries are qualified to host Olympic games?
The locals complained that the government has not helped the flood victims.
My sister graduated from university with a first-class degree.
She lost a lot of blood during delivery.
The police has been instructed to arrest the self-made King.
We will follow the story.
The tourists sat on the beach and ate coconut rice with fish.
The fishermen go fishing in the evening.
How many motorcycles will be distributed?
Reckless driving leads to many accidents.
Light helps us to see well in the night.
What are some of the water-borne diseases?
There is immense progress in vaccine coverage around the globe.
What qualifications does one need to join the police force?
That game park has so many animals which I would love to see.
All countries are doing their best to prevent the further spread of the disease.
She was surprised that her eight-month baby survived death.
How can parents improve their children's nutrition?
Why aim for the stomach instead of the head when boxing.
There is someone standing behind the car.
Mohamed bin Zayed is committed to ending preventable diseases.
A school should be set up in a suitable atmosphere.
Extending oil change intervals can be harmful to the life of your engine.
The boy escaped from school without anyone noticing.
There has been a drop in the number of coronavirus new cases.
The people who attended the party ate and danced the whole night.
As a way of keeping my body fit, I go jogging every Sunday morning.
People have been saved from the cost of travelling to Kampala to register land.
Hotels were closed because of the pandemic
The tourism sector has contributed to the economic development of the country.
The little children were fighting over the swing.
Government has come up with programs to support the youth.
Some people managed to escape from the burning building.
This development will put Uganda on par with Kenya and Tanzania.
The registered candidates sat for their national examinations.
I want to get rich.
There may be a lot of changes within the company.
Men should learn to work together with their wives.
It is only morally upright to return the money.
We donate for a particular cause.
The rugby team is the second on the scoreboard.
I am often scared to try out new things.
Many girls do not like participating in sports activities.
The results were not accurate.
Players with minor injuries are first given first aid and then taken to the hospital.
Why are retiring from the job?
The profit comes from the targeted delivery of selected information.
How many cars do you have?
Senior church leaders ordain priests and deacons.
The election campaign and voting proved to be largely calm.
Fraud is punishable by law.
How can we influence the ongoing activities?
The police started investigating the prisoner's escape yesterday.
The government should follow up on education for children refugees
Weeding is a good farming practice that everyone should know about.
Who is our team leader?
A crowd gathered around the accident scene.
Parents and teachers should teach children morals.
My grandmother is sick.
Cars assist in easing the ministry.
How often should maintenance be performed?
A taxpayer must have a tax identification number.
The transport system was affected.
He wrote a story about his childhood.
Population pressure in the area has brought about the destruction of the wetlands.
They were told to let go of the refugees in police custody.
Parents need to spare time for their children during the school holidays.
There is still no coronavirus vaccine.
What is the importance of fasting?
Smoking increases anxiety and tension.
Wheelchairs are often used by the lame.
Women have assumed the responsibilities of providing for their families.
I am looking for the manager's office.
Very many small businesses in Uganda are not registered.
He was asked to defend himself.
Workers should avoid overly being absent from work.
They helped in the improvement of sanitation in refugee camps.
There was a huge crocodile at the surface of the water.
In our company, the punishment for fraud is losing one's job.
The hospital management has established simple clinics to manage Ebola cases.
The West Nile region is very peaceful.
The former prime minister of Kenya is contesting for the presidency.
They paid thirty-three bail extensions before they were acquitted.
The lame ducks cannot swim properly.
Some health centres do not immunize children.
Airtel sponsored the school sports gala.
She called for unity among the women groups.
How many people turned up for the interview?
He will come back to the office next week.
His dress code was very impressive.
Tax reduces one's profitable income.
Health workers will not be intimidated because their duty is to provide health services.
The money budgeted is not enough to open up another army shop.
Data collection can only be done after consent from the owners.
The winning club was advertised in the News.
The woman leader informed people about protective measures of the coronavirus.
This man has worked with several companies in various departments.
My brother has benefited a lot from using modern beehive.
A journalist is advised to wear protective gears when covering stories.
There was a foot and mouth disease outbreak in western Uganda.
The police has defended their conduct.
Ladies should be sensitized about the dangers of aborting.
Police top the list of institutions where corruption was the highest.
The future is what lies ahead of us.
How much money do you pay for health services?
He spent four years at the university.
Technology has changed very fast these days.
Electricity poles should be planted during the dry season.
At home, we do the housework in turns.
Feathers help to keep birds warm.
You are advised to carry something every time you go to visit people.
Non-government organizations are involved in improving medical services.
The walk is being held in commemoration of the anti-corruption week in early December
This year must be better than last year.
What is your ideal workplace?
She was demoted to assistant manager because of poor attitude with clients.
The leader praised the media for creating public awareness.
There will be a friendly match between the two teams
But platforms such as Facebook have also changed how people consume content.
Plan your route carefully.
All my brothers play basketball.
He spent all the money on buying new clothes.
There is only one radio station in our town.
How is your grandmother?
The mountain has a beautiful national game park.
The leaders had a conflict over the sale of government land.
Some Ugandan footballers play for big clubs in other countries.
Some students are registered as refugees.
It is difficult to develop without good financial knowledge.
They complained about the insufficient power supply.
Social media platforms were shut down in Uganda during this year's general elections.
People will be given land and seeds to increase palm oil growing.
The basketball coach was not pleased with the performance of his players.
What have you done to put a smile on people’s faces?
The school team won the sports tournament.
My father has retired from teaching after forty years.
She ate very little food at the party.
Drivers should not go over speed.
Most of the countries ratified the convention.
We shook hands with him.
Kampala is projected to become a mega-city.
The Cash Chat Mobile application is powered by Pesamoni
Dennis Masinde Onyango is the goalkeeper and captain of the national football team.
The children looked very sad at their father's funeral.
What are your hobbies?
He can hardly afford to pay for his monthly rent.
The tree seedlings were distributed among two secondary schools.
When you draw blood you need feeling in your fingers.
The estimated revenue collections increase each financial year.
The major gave a wonderful speech.
Boiled water is safe for drinking.
The minister was accused of inciting violence.
They have never had such a groundbreaking ceremony in their region.
The government should distribute enough food for the refugees.
Most of the corrupt officials are investigated by the anti-corruption unit.
When it rains, the pupils get shelter from the nearby church.
They do not know what they are supposed to do.
It is with sorrow that we announce the death of our beloved father
They want to get assistance from the government.
The meeting was for female leaders in the party.
Six percent of Ugandans can’t afford clean water.
Chips and chicken are the most common snack combination.
Entrepreneurial farmers should always add value to their produce.
New companies create new employment opportunities.
It is one of the only remaining natural tourists attractions.
Early this year, just ahead of the African Cup of Nations semifinals in Egypt.
Cultural leaders organise cultural exhibitions annually.
Some people were not happy with the new leaders.
He died yesterday morning.
Many of the prisoners are waiting to appear in court.
The case has not been closed yet.
Parents enjoy being around their children.
He has a special connection to his children.
His car is always clean.
Other suspects are still being hunted.
Milk is highly perishable.
They disagreed on school funds.
She discouraged young girls from being involved in sex work.
How many ports are on Lake Victoria?
Kampala is one of the highly populated cities in Africa.
A customer should be treated like a king.
The guest of honour gave an interesting speech.
All landowners were told to register at the district offices.
There were many witnesses at the crime scene.
The deceased did not have any children.
The striker was in a good position to score a goal but he failed.
Businesses lost their goods which were coming in from the neighboring countries.
My mind was made up much earlier than we were heading for trouble.
We need to find better ways to serve our customers.
What are you carrying in that bag?
My village is very clean.
The bank made a huge profit during the lockdown because many people got loans to support their families.
She thanked us all for honoring her invitation to her wedding.
It is hard to find a clean market.
The government promised to give food to people in Kampala and Wakiso districts.
My mother received a short term school fees loan from that bank.
Patronage is used by Museveni to deprive the opposition of high profile individuals
The government promised to support medics.
The assistance can either ensure the success of new government reforms or fail them.
Of late, many people die of gun shootings.
The drainage system of the stadium was not good.
She is eight months pregnant.
Unfortunately, no one was around to rescue her from the robbers.
I will share the document with you later.
While at school, students get a chance to interact with each other.
Misinformation is aided by corporate algorithms programmed to maximize profit instead of open information.
One suspect was found in a hut.
The workforce should be effective and efficient.
There is evidence that registers have been tampered with.
The police will make sure that the remaining prisoners are recaptured.
Further investigation into the case will be done.
You must score the highest to win in sports.
The general elections are carried out in Uganda every after a period of five years.
Forgive those that wrong you.
Employers should not force employees to go on leave.
Every student's proposal is different.
The government has established new classroom blocks to public schools in Kampala.
Absenteeism is not an issue because health workers turn up on time.
Everyone has a secret.
Special people make donations to charity organisations.
Many regions in northern Uganda lack proper water facilities.
Generosity takes a large share of a politician's income.
The construction is scheduled for completion in the first quarter of the year of two thousand and twenty.
The rural people only stop at paying for the connection.
The cause of the problem is not yet known.
Gas from vehicles is bad for human health.
The roads have many potholes.
There will be a meeting at the statehouse.
Our sons play golf together.
The editor would be interested in getting some comments.
My wife has spent three weeks in this hospital.
Given an opportunity, what would you do differently?
Society perceives men as strong and energetic.
What is your passion?
I do not believe people who think of accumulating wealth as a means of happiness.
A new boys dormitory is under construction.
The best football player in the world cup scored three goals in one match.
The government should ensure that all foodstuffs sold in markets are safe.
Government-aided schools provide fair education services to the public.
The window has a lot of dust on it.
The road construction is funded by using a loan from the world bank.
I have been scheduled for an interview.
Poland laid a democratic foundation after the collapse of the communist regime.
When did you dream about this woman?
The teacher requested that the funds are properly planned for.
Despite its benefits, the tracking system is a risky venture.
It has been a remarkable pleasure to serve you.
We can pump water from the River Nile.
That team will join the losers' league if they do not win this game.
There is a lot of information available on the internet.
Lockdown has had a severe impact on the economy and people's livelihoods.
My mood has changed.
Women usually take on their husbands' last names when they get married.
Catholic and protestant religions are administratively organised.
Banks and telecom companies have been told to reduce fees on digital transactions.
There are very many vulnerable people in society.
The three friends met at his mother's wedding.
We have witnessed a high level of vote-rigging in this presidential election.
The article about the dangers of polluting the environment was written by three people.
The impact has spread to the rural areas.
I need your advice on something.
On November nineteenth, unknown attackers killed at least nineteen people in Beni.
Car accidents are common during rainy seasons.
All non-graduate teachers will be laid off.
All hospitals are in emergencies.
The district needs people to work together and contain the virus.
The ministry of health has deployed its medical experts to combat yellow fever.
They deployed security personnel in preparation for the party.
Legal changes have to take effect.
The ministry of health has embarked on reducing the maternal mortality rates.
We are very unhappy with the new cabinet.
Attendance was only by invitation.
She is a former student of the school.
The teacher did not teach us this topic.
Every minister is given a security car.
Do you have time for your family?
Men need knowledge about menstruation to stop stigmatising girls.
She used a big stick to beat the snake.
The campaign of tree planting will be extended to different parts of the district.
Rwanda purchased fifty Red Arrow tank missiles from China were received in twenty-eighteen.
Arua registered a high crime rate this month.
The girls were happy when their mother excused them from fetching water.
The team of soldiers was separated into four.
It is not easy to make a world record.
Experts say locusts move in the direction of the wind.
People say that pigs are dirty animals.
I usually take deworming tablets every month.
Work is for a specified period of time.
We shall not have any meetings next month.
She switched off the lights.
What type of training have you received from the conference?
He got himself into danger.
This was used more as entertainment for people to watch.
He talks too much.
He waits for thirty kilograms of posho from the Office of the Prime Minister.
After marriage, the woman is not expected to return home to stay with her parents.
She has a lot of time to spare during the day.
They donated to the most vulnerable teams.
She also provides some services to victims of sexual violence.
How is the football game played?
Bodabodas can also be used to transport patients.
He hit her with a big stick on the head and she fainted.
Children should be sensitized about the dangers of homosexuality.
Failing in elections means that your rival had more votes than you did have.
These teachers will help improve student performance.
He looks ugly with the unshaved beard.
What happened in the political arena as a result of unity among the elites.
Aeko Ongodia said government officials should avoid fighting over Uganda Telecom management publicly
The former custodian declined to take over the national team.
There are a number of laws that govern Uganda.
Many people lost their land.
It is very cold outside?
However, he did not name the law.
People never looked at beekeeping as a source of income.
The players are training ahead of the competition this Friday.
The Personal Protective Equipment is heavy and hot.
The company is looking for local content to buy quality products.
Who can give me a loan.?
The fans will mobilize resources for the team.
People rarely go for cancer screening which affects their lives.
Some taxes will be increased.
Cancer affects different parts of the body.
Most foreigners despise our traditional wear because it doesn't suit them.
He was released because there is no evidence that he stole the money.
It is better to consider the issues from the viewpoints of the key parties.
Ladies' handbags are expensive.
My husband realized I was not going to die.
The country prides itself on the life of the deceased religious leader.
We used flowers to decorate the place.
It culminated in his declaration.
A headmaster heads the school.
He left the apartment at ten o'clock.
There is a group of women who earn money from cake baking.
Onduparaka wasted many goal scoring opportunities.
They promised not to disappoint their fans.
I could not see how we could make a transition with Museveni.
We used to eat beans every day at school.
They were sensitized about animal diseases.
He composes and writes his own songs.
Oyite Ojok is remembered for have displayed impunity and murdering at will
People tend not to follow instructions.
Banks loan money to people.
Poaching harms the tourism industry as species keep reducing
All students should have their lunch from the dining hall.
Free mosquito nets will be distributed countrywide by the government of Uganda.
Sudan faces serious challenges.
He began playing football at six years of age.
My daughter created new friends at our neighbor's birthday party
One hundred twenty-four people were trained.
They air the news at night.
People lack the income to provide for the needs of their children.
The sedition charge was the bigger of the two.
The police arrived late at the crime scene.
Why didn’t you tell me that you are coming?
Journalists specialize in misquoting their interviewees and twisting stories.
The minister blamed the contractors for the poor quality machines used in the construction.
He was arrested for leading the strike.
Most people who did not finish school are struggling to make money.
The thieves missed a ten-year prison sentence.
This plays a critical role in increasing teachers' devotion to work.
More subcounties have been declared in Kampala.
Roosters are essential in the poultry farm.
She was committed and focused on her duties within the organisation.
Added to these were a range of other initiatives.
A stupid man looks for a problem in every opportunity.
It is not true that everyone has been vaccinated.
Uganda is engaged in multi-party politics.
It is good to love one another.
The second runner-up in the race was given a bronze medal.
People do not have the income to facilitate the registration process.
I have no choice, but rather to eat what is available.
Youths actively participated in the two thousand twenty one general elections.
The military men are assembling in their barracks.
As a result of limestone mining, the East African market environment is degraded.
The local defence unit protects people in the community.
Many students were suspended for abusing drugs.
It was not possible to give good care to that patient
There is a poor transport network in the area.
Many murder suspects were arrested.
He tipped the police about the location of the thieves.
Won’t you miss the party?
The pig uses the snout to search for food.
The health sectors need to face masks and gloves.
Television stations had ignored the government warning not to cover the opposition leader's conference.
There's a digital divide between people living in towns and those in remote areas.
Not all accusations are true.
Some cultures are common among several tribes.
The analysis shows that young leaders are most likely to win the elections.
The proceedings have been postponed until next week.
She filed a lawsuit against the school for expelling her daughter.
The house was disorganized.
She is the longest-serving teacher at the school.
If anyone gives us a chance to fight a just war, that shall be up to him.
What are some of the tools found in a first aid box?
Our netball team is not strong enough to win the game.
We are committed to creating a new experience in the textile market.
There was a fight between taxi operators and minibus drivers.
People need to prepare for their retirement.
The Members of Parliament visited the place where the child was killed from.
I enjoy listening to instrumental music.
The district task force should be in charge of distribution and resource allocation
She has a very successful saloon.
He was accused of oppressing the locals.
This is because our voters do not distinguish.
The country is losing a lot of revenue because of the port.
Is there a military hospital in the region?
The judge almost failed to give a sentence because it was between priests.
Christians believe in only one God.
He managed to trap a hive full of bees.
Over speeding causes accidents.
Some stubborn students escape from school before time.
I made a list of all the items I need to buy from the market.
What countries share a border with Uganda?
The army always has many enemies.
When he came to the house, he found the door open.
Children under their parents should be grateful.
A lady's claim will be clarified.
The curriculum is essential for the education sector.
My father hired a personal driver.
All the participants rightly followed procedures in the contest.
Kabiito Karamagi said Uganda Telecom will collapse if the government decides not to support it
Successful businesses are not easy to maintain.
There are many companies manufacturing masks in the country.
He is involved in sports.
People should be informed about the rules and regulations for society.
Government has provided funds to support refugee farmers and vocational skills for the refugees.
He wants to boost business activities in Arua.
Barkcloth is a traditional wear for several tribes in Uganda.
He did not show up at the court.
My daughter was among the best students in the school.
Is coronavirus disease curable?
He is married with a five year old daughter.
His intention is very unclear.
Her cousin was suspended from school for two weeks.
The government is accountable to the public.
This landslide was caused by the heavy rains last night.
Surveillance cameras should be installed to fight health equipment theft.
Sport for development and peace can transform the lives of the youth.
Today's weather is the same as that of yesterday.
Gertrude Njuba assured that the National Resistance Council was there.
Signs and symptoms of some diseases confuse patients.
The National Police Service Act was first published in the year two thousand eleven.
They are being replaced by the vices they were meant to cure.
The girl was brave enough to kill a snake.
How can one act professional?
They reported their family disputes to police.
The road will be tarmacked next month.
Should we expect anything serious from the police?
They were very kind to us.
The candidates were suspended from school after displaying their high levels of indiscipline.
New workers have been recruited.
A number of patients were admitted to the hospital.
The company revenue increased by twenty five percent this year.
He served as board secretary of the Uganda Revenue Authority.
The cost of fuel is high and yet the roads are very poor.
My country is working towards establishing companies that produce imported goods so as to reduce its imports.
A joint verification committee will decide on which Ugandan traders shall be compensated.
Some of this money will be deducted as a transaction charge.
Through the project, I gained tailoring skills which have helped me earn more income.
Veterinary relates to the treatment of farm and domestic animals.
There is no electricity at home.
We are persistent in our position.
Identities can be made and remade depending on circumstance and opportunity.
The United States government strongly backs the passing of the Genetically Modified Organisms Bill.
Do government organisations also need donations?
Penalties are small punishments usually for not doing something on time.
The master of ceremony invited the graduate's friends to give a speech.
Currently, some businesses in the city are closed because of the pandemic.
Our cock crows every morning as the sun begins to rise.
The prisoners were very traumatized.
In Uganda, teachers in public schools are periodically transferred to other schools.
He made it to the finishing line.
Uganda has more than ten football clubs in the national league.
The students are excited about the new classroom block.
The parliament sat from one thousand nine hundred ninety-six to two thousand one.
This keeps the engine at lower revolutions per minute thus using less fuel.
People should work with the police to secure the area.
Chiefs are no longer significant in today's villages.
Each person needs to understand their hair type.
These days ladies are capable of challenging men.
What are the effects of early marriages?
The flat mobile telephone call rate is three hundred forty shillings.
Most laboratories do not have enough testing kits.
His biggest achievements will be remembered.
Doctors around the country have teamed up to strike for higher pay.
Refugees should be empowered.
The awards are categorized into three to cover the diversity in the sector.
He is hopeful that God will help him.
Nine percent of women in Northern Uganda are farmers.
There are many causes of early marriages.
The Rwandese in Uganda have been accused of having firearms in their possession.
Districts in Uganda are comprised of municipalities and counties.
She broke the television screen.
People would be able to demand accountability from the government.
Their colleagues died in vain because to date nobody has ever been arrested.
I intend to visit my grandmother in the village.
Issues not held properly include recruitment, training, deployment, legal and regulatory deficiencies.
People have to stay in quarantine for fourteen days.
Officials in Arua are advocating for city status.
Strict regulations should be imposed on charcoal makers.
Universities hold graduations every academic year.
Transportation is difficult in mountainous areas.
The priest encouraged the church to maintain peace with its neighbors.
He also incurred constant arrests, torture, and blockades on his home.
They explained the current situation at Kampala Capital City Authority through writing.
The veterans agreed to stay united and harmonize with each other.
How much do you receive at the end of the month?
I learned how to wash my clothes when I joined boarding school.
He missed out a lot during the meeting because he was dozing.
This puts his capability and business acumen to the strict test.
The bank’s operating income, the amount of profit from operations grew by forty percent.
The lawyer has been moved to another court.
The students have started doing their examinations.
This shop mainly deals in cosmetic products.
He spread the same message to other vendors.
She received an award for being the best performer.
He was a father with an enduring and steady faith in the goodness of humanity.
Scrap dealers should be regulated to fight theft.
The poor people are usually oppressed because they cannot afford to hire lawyers.
Foreigners have offered support to the hospitals.
Pictured with Bill Gates and Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi.
We went on a hike over the weekend.
Regional hospitals often lack funds to run their activities.
Tobacco is very dangerous to our health.
The officials told him what he was supposed to do.
Police officers have to follow commands as given by their superiors.
He tricked the woman and stole her bag.
The government introduced Universal primary education in the area.
Nowadays married women like spending time with rich men instead of their husbands.
He also engages in business activities.
Residents blamed their leader for poor management.
Where are you going at this time?
One hundred million shillings was set aside for disaster preparedness.
My driving license expired last week.
It would shift power from voters at the grassroots.
We rushed her to the hospital when she fainted.
There was violence in the Arua municipality by-election.
The landlord has advised his tenants to use authorized electricians in the wiring.
We have very many people in our family
The media exposes all bad activities people do to the environment.
On Christmas Day, we celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ.
The government has put four billion into the construction of roads in the East.
People are following the police`s advice of being alert.
The leader has been asked to explain how the money was used.
People did not vote for me in the recently held elections.
Moyo general hospital lacks capacity to provide health services to the increasing population.
Violence and election rigging were exhibited during the previous elections.
The dish fell on the floor and broke.
A small issue can cause people to strike
Our village chairman is fair to all residents in the community.
Leaders have the potential to transform their subordinates' lives.
There is congestion in the city.
Why are some medical surgeries not successful?
How has curfew helped in controlling the spread of coronavirus?
Eight people have been killed within one month.
It is possible to completely deal away with certain diseases.
Disunity yields no good in people's lives.
Religious leaders should preach faithfulness in marriages.
There should be a legal procedure for one to change their name.
Most of the Uganda Martyrs were Anglicans.
Universities nowadays have failed to deliver employable graduates.
Many youths joined the army.
Laboratories in schools are not well facilitated.
Everyone is special in their way.
Politicians develop ideas and work towards teaching them.
The referee blew the final whistle and the game ended.
Cryptocurrency has no rules governing it
Nobody should threaten you with a panga.
There has been an increase in domestic violence cases during this lockdown.
The government has taken the initiative to protect the different tree species.
This booklet may be incorporated into the owner’s manual.
It is too cold out there.
The district should distribute condoms to the people.
More than half of the country's population is below the poverty line.
He will represent the interests of all his people.
The ministry has provided advice to farmers on how to plant cassava.
Uganda is hosting refugees from Afghanistan.
The groups need money to operate effectively.
The board needs to be looked into.
What is the importance of a father in a child's life?
He mobilized people to kill their neighbors along ethnic lines.
The Christmas season is a celebration time for most people.
Can you wake up early tomorrow?
At his farewell party, the managing director said his departure is a great loss to the whole company.
It may list a time frame that a particular service should be done.
Five of the patients were truck drivers.
Added to this has been greater connectivity including satellite access to sports matches.
It is very good to put your trust in God.
The announcement is in line with the celebrations.
We started eating food at midday.
He was arrested for stealing church land.
Grasshoppers have wings and legs.
I did not expect to find you here.
My young brother refused to wash the plates.
Some people are using electricity illegally without a formal connection.
They did not accept the test results.
I was transferred to a new school.
I imagine living in a big mansion when I grow up.
People should remain calm and let the ministry of health manage the situation.
The ministry of finance has no control over the company in its current status
Avoid taking things for granted.
National Medical Stores is inconsistent in providing medical supplies.
He owns shares in that company.
World Health Organization argues that vaccination coverage of ninety-five percent of the population.
People face many challenges everyday.
Only five people returned the money.
Many studies have concluded that smoking is dangerous.
The town is all dotted with yellow posters.
His role is to regulate what is communicated to the public.
Refugees have been affected by yellow fever.
People buy more on Black Friday.
Disagreements can always be solved.
To differentiate themselves on this newsstand, cable news channels developed an attitude.
The war in Somalia has not yet ended.
The contract was anti-competitive according to the Egyptian Competition Authority.
The leaders emphasized people to ensure peace in the area.
The government annually spends a lot on landslides.
The committee was not supposed to be involved.
When do you start your day?
Forgiving those who wrong you helps you to heal from the pain.
Soil erosion decreases soil fertility.
This created unnecessary speculation and mistrust.
The Germans were defeated in the Second World War.
Since she was the last, she was requested to repeat the class.
She enrolled for a bachelor's course in law at the university
The twins are going for their last semester at the university.
What is the market?
He used to sing with a local church choir in their village.
Schools are preparing finalists for next year`s national examinations.
Her family came back to Uganda after a regime change in nineteen eighty-six.
coronavirus deaths are nearing to a million.
The winner of the debate competition will travel to Burundi for the next stage.
The money will be used for road projects.
The thief stabbed the man in the stomach five times.
The magazine was founded by veteran journalist Andrew Mwenda.
She looked at him with keen interest.
The media plays a very important role in society.
They have tarmacked that road today.
He was popular among the people.
The children learned how to bake cakes.
He is standing outside the car.
New leaders are usually sworn in for the new leadership positions.
The police has to investigate and give a report about the recent kidnaps and killing of women.
There are two entrances to the venue.
That police officer disobeyed the president's orders by not wearing a mask while talking to me.
Did you ask the teacher about the school fees?
They have been informed about where to get good quality seeds.
They had not appointed the National Resistance Movement or its organs in the first place.
The soldiers signed a five-year contract with the army.
Malnutrition results in stunted growth among children and adults
Businesses must do research about their customers' needs to be successful.
Have you bought today's newspapers?
Judges were impressed and there was immense praise for the stylish and comfortable vehicle.
The fans shouted in excitement when that player scored his third goal.
Four political parties are encouraged to participate in this voting exercise.
In the interest of cohesion get another Administrator.
Scientists have discovered that this mountain is over twenty million years old.
Recruits are drawn from all parts of the country and all tribal groups.
All people who were encroaching on forests are under arrest.
What do you intend to do with your first salary?
The leaders are responsible for unity in the refugee camps.
That district has been affected by landslides.
He was the best teacher and we strongly relied on him.
They have boosted beekeeping in the community.
Your skirt is dirty.
He explained his education life and the skills and knowledge attained from school.
He is the French national football team coach.
It is important to have blood storage centres in all districts across the country.
He cannot afford to buy a plot of land at the moment.
All schools said that they needed more funding to feed the students.
The temperature can be controlled.
Children get career guidance from parents and teachers.
Some people entirely depend on farming as a source of income.
Politicians were the people that society most looked up to.
The registration exercise ends on December eleventh after twenty-one days.
Rich people take their children to the best schools in the country.
My term of office ends today.
Early pregnancies are dangerous to the health of the young girl.
Good pay can be a great motivation for medical officers.
This power project was the first of its kind in West Nile.
The coronavirus vaccine is given on the left arm.
The president's national address was shown live on every television.
He was selfish to everyone around him.
Sugarcane is largely grown in the eastern part of Uganda.
He used force to rape the young girl which injured her.
He will ensure and encourage electricity distribution and transmission.
I deposit my monthly savings in the bank.
They did not agree with budgetary allocations.
Sixteen million voters were below eighteen years.
How much is a coronavirus test?
I do not want my children to sit behind in the classroom.
He told them the General’s home was not the right place to kill him.
At times, it is impossible to fulfil contractual obligations.
Some people's history is not pleasant.
Football is a very popular sport.
The soccer league starts this Friday.
The government refused to give him a working permit.
Local breed cows do not produce a lot of milk.
Education should be affordable for everyone.
All his children are successful.
The students performed better than they did the last term.
This Cube allows a better dialogue with patients and it brings back humanity.
The local art fraternity is almost familiar with the name Leonardo Da Vinci.
The family's petition against their daughter's rapist was approved today.
The Zimbabwean officials must give a full and convincing explanation.
Rene Haller, a Swiss agronomist to rehabilitate the firm's degraded environment
Our village chairperson has organised a football tournament starting next week.
The organization distributed food to the vulnerable people in the community.
Children should monitor their children's habits for proper upbringing.
The walls of our house have started cracking.
Some council officers take advantage of situations for personal gains.
Uganda is a developing country.
Trading centres are the centre of business operations.
Christopher Bagamba hopes we can make phone parts in future
History is still a reference today.
A new medical kit has been launched in Uganda
There have been many accidents along that road.
Organized by region, the book delivers detailed business profiles of each country.
Health workers should help patients.
Giving to charity is a sign of a big heart.
I have been listening attentively to the news.
Moneylenders are increasing interests every day.
Chuka Onwumwechili is a professor of communications at Howard University.
The first aid tent should be enlarged.
Organisations have now come up to help the needy in the community.
The will helps the deceased's children to share property peacefully.
People want to help their friends who need support.
Ebola is a viral disease that can easily spread.
More teachers should be deployed in the refugee schools.
The environment authority has put down several buildings constructed in swamps.
In return, the Ugandan leadership views Kagame as resilient.
It would literally be like asking them.
There is compulsory handwashing for everyone who accesses the hospital premises.
Every political candidate had a symbol on the ballot paper.
Wrong people have to be exposed to avoid contaminating others.
Students protested because the management failed to refund money for the failed trip.
The Bible gives basic guidelines about life.
Doctors treat patients in the hospital.
A lot happened to me during that short holiday I spent in the village.
Uganda houses very many refugees.
Guess who is throwing a party tonight?
He has a lot of people to pay today.
Public rallies were banned during last year's campaigns.
Some health workers succumbed to coronavirus.
The criminal should be arrested.
The conflict has been ongoing for years.
The woman representative urged the youth to stop involving themselves in riots.
How many referral hospitals do we have in Uganda?
Some politicians lost the elections.
How many cows do you have?
The health workers and teachers will get the vaccines first.
This was meant to maintain an atmosphere that is not toxic and allows progress.
Most of these teachers are surviving on loans.
She came here with several other children.
The locals who survived the floods were taken to a nearby district for shelter.
He was caught poaching wild animals.
Journalists have been urged to cover the coming elections without fear.
Business people are complaining about the new taxes imposed on them.
There were no supporters to cheer for our team during the netball game.
It is very easy for a skilled person to become self-employed.
The number of women engaging in politics is increasing.
Her parents gifted her with a brand new car on her graduation day.
The bodies of the people who were buried in the landslide were not found.
Poor school infrastructure hinders student performance in schools.
Teachers can also own shops to supplement their income.
I want to learn a second language.
Leaders must be careful when making decisions that affect the general public.
Bodaboda operators can be helpful in road safety campaigns since they are mobile
I will take the children to school.
They have never lost any match.
How do you reward loyal customers?
Some people are protesting against the president's new laws.
I wonder why she's more open to my friend than me.
Parents should be mindful of how they treat their children.
There is no one to remove the rubbish.
The bill is not fair.
Do you know how it pains to lose a mother?
What evidence is there to prove that she has been domestically violated?
Big or small, we will take care of it.
I hosted the birthday party from my home.
The queue in the banking hall was so long.
He was arrested for revealing government secrets to the public.
Police should manage increasing gun cases.
The district is supporting education to children in refugee communities.
The players were very happy to play with the national team.
What is going into and out of social media algorithms?
He explained to his son about his financial situation.
The conference will take place next week in London.
Various Ugandan musicians have done shows in different countries.
He had to give the police officer money to be released from prison.
The best teams in the German football league played against each other on Saturday.
Women have been trained in many income-generating activities throughout the year.
Kampala capital city authority football club scored from set-pieces.
She has no relatives who can give her shelter while she finds a new home.
A blood storage facility requires a huge sum of money to be established.
The workmates respected each other.
My mother is cooking food.
Free education has been availed.
He made his submission to court last week.
The authorities urged everyone to keep calm.
When is the wedding?
For a region to have economic growth, there must be cooperation among the residents.
District leaders should resolve conflicts between the refugees and the hosting communities.
The government has attracted foreign investors.
Wedding ceremonies are not for the rich only.
The factory was destroyed during the fight with the rebels.
Who has beaten you?
A leap year has three hundred sixty-six days.
The cooperation unites regional leaders.
The resident district commissioner manages activities at a district level.
School children are more curious after sex education.
What are the conditions of publishing a book in Uganda?
Tanzania has won over Uganda.
Some players in the Uganda premier league do not train.
What is the role of a reporter?
We took the photos from that studio.
Nobody should put down our commitment to democracy.
We are also different in the way we think.
Musicians go on world tours to promote their songs.
Catholics all over the world are reciting the holy rosary throughout this month.
He was in another relationship.
The government has put focus on guarding the game parks against poachers.
Rwanda closed its border with Uganda in February.
Trees help in preventing flooding and soil erosion.
The number of palm oil growers is increasing in the country.
My brother will be our son's godfather.
Yellow fever samples are tested from the Uganda Virus Research Institute.
Sports funds are often mismanaged hence affecting the sector
The heads of state reached an agreement.
November twenty-nine to December fifth two thousand nineteen.
Some people are suffering from broken hearts.
Even though he had a sharp brain, he did not write any book.
Some communities have banned nightclubs due to immoral acts.
The government has built a new market in our district.
You should network with other people in the business.
We should protect and educated girl children.
Police reform was a crucial part of a program under President Mwai Kibaki.
I tried to pass the ball to my teammate but the opponents' defender blocked it.
There were very many people at the leader's burial in Mubende district.
The government refuses to comment on when educational institutions would resume.
Religious leaders conduct their prayers via media platforms.
The broom is kept in the corner of the room.
He needs capital to start a business.
She is a brilliant student.
In attendance was Doctor Kizza Besigye, the leading pillar of the opposition in Uganda.
The swimming pool area is very unsafe.
The company pays taxes of fifty million Ugandan shillings per year.
She needs money to go to the market.
Farming groups will be supported.
He had to give up his basketball career after getting an accident.
He had been selected to be president to lead the football team.
The prime minister has responded to the locals' pleas for financial support.
People have been advised to have a balanced diet.
I take two spoonfuls of sugar in a cup of milk.
The security guard was dismissed for sleeping at work.
The board of directors secretly voted my father out of his company.
The district has a new water facility.
However, rent is still higher than elsewhere in the region.
The askari refused to open the gate for him.
He was investigating his wife's past.
He would then prompt the killers to come out themselves.
Girls should be encouraged to participate in sports at school.
He could not stand by and watch them insult his wife.
On November twenty-second he said, this drives our commitment to innovative solutions.
The restaurant manager allowed us to carry the leftover food to our homes.
How many students sat for their examinations?
The project will cover four districts in the country.
Our family feeds on the food we grow on our farm.
It is assumed that some of the arrested murder suspects are innocent.
He urged teams to take good care of themselves throughout the competition.
Which organization do you work for?
The health sector will use the money.
Immunization is supposed to be free of charge.
Where did you come from?
Uganda Airlines started operating last year.
The school holds career guidance events to help its students pick the right careers.
How did you understand the message?
He is a very cunning man.
Politics affects people's access to different resources and how nature is conserved.
I listened to her challenges.
Corruption is the way political power in poor countries is organized.
The price of fuel keeps going up because manufacturing companies are producing less fuel to gain more profit.
Government units are also responsible for fighting corruption.
Kampala capital city authority football club did not hold any press conference.
Cultural leaders lack funds to register their cultural institutions.
Arua is a clean city.
Where is the source of inspiration for young women and men?
We heard patrol soldiers approaching our house.
The people are not consistent with their skills in businesses.
The examination will end after three hours from now.
Tourists come to visit the Namugongo martyrs shrines.
I have never heard of the term blood diamonds before.
Accidents occur on the road because of careless road users.
The land is empty because the owners are not around to develop it.
The media should keep the focus on content that is of public interest.
The impact has mostly been felt in Africa.
Teachers in Arua lack the competence to provide education services.
Children have to eat a balanced diet.
District returning office declared the winner of the elections.
What was the role of the National coronavirus Taskforce?
Mbale town is very congested.
My uncle was very happy when his son got a scholarship to study in Canada.
Some patients were discharged from the hospital.
Twenty percent of candidates for parliament were facing criminal charges.
We shall never rest until our leaders are freed.
Individual politicians ingratiate themselves with voters by giving them money.
A responsible parent is one that rightly guides his child regarding life matters.
How does society benefit from a local civil society organisation?
I am a foreign journalist seeking to know what animates the campaigns.
The global focus is on trade and finance.
My brother has joined the army.
The band leader addressed the audience at the end of the concert.
There is competition amongst the different oil companies.
The coach was disappointed with the match results.
People lack enough money to sustain their lives.
How did you know that she is the right woman for you?
Different organizations have come up to help vulnerable people in society.
The church is meant to fight any community shortcomings.
The army continues to attack the locals even if they are innocent.
Each committee member was given a different task to complete.
In the past, the use of barkcloth was limited to the royal family.
Some people were chased away from their land.
What is the appropriate action to be taken in this situation?
In a union, people with a common interest come together for a common cause.
Some health workers don't have care for their patients.
She wants people to have access to their basic needs.
District officials should pass economic policies that are beneficial to their communities
Through commercialisation, one can improve his or her standards of living.
Female doctors are sometimes poorly handled by unprofessional male doctors.
They constructed a football stadium for their fans.
The guidelines are meant to be followed.
People shouldn't drink and drive.
They called for project proposals.
It is strange to fall in love at a very young age.
During the lockdown, everyone was required to stay at home.
The artist intended to control the light from both sides.
Sometimes the lines in the banking halls are very long.
Not having a steady supply of fuel will make your engine perform lesser than it should.
The military vehicles we saw yesterday were carrying food.
The deceased was taken for a postmortem.
Thieves have different instruments to break into people's houses.
How can we promote hygiene in the refugee camps?
They were told to harmonize.
Can the two coexist given that shared not targeted is necessary?
Girls were encouraged to take on leadership positions.
There are huge drinking water tanks on all corners.
The table tennis ball is smaller than the ball used for football.
That organization hasn't decided whether they will continue to sponsor our rugby team or not.
Young children like playing a lot.
People have been encouraged to start-up businesses.
Everyone holds expectations of the future.
Leaders should reconcile for the good of the community.
The matter followed a domestic violence complaint.
Some people academically excelled in school.
The man I am showing you is holding a stick.
The district will continue supporting people's activities to improve their welfare.
Women often appear in the news for the wrong reasons.
Spraying is better.
We felt sad about his death.
Gas cylinders were provided as a donation towards the fight of coronavirus.
National statistics show that seventy percent of Ugandans practice agriculture.
What amount is on that receipt?
Barkcloth fabric is made from the fig tree.
May I borrow your suit?
Kenya has a stable economy.
More anti-United Nations protests in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Managers should be able to find a market for their products.
Licensed drug shops operate legally.
Eventually, infected people will develop a distinctive blotchy rash.
My friend's family organized a fundraising drive to raise money for her liver operation.
The East African Community was originally formed by Uganda, Kenya, and Tanzania.
Elly Karuhanga took over the leadership from Patrick Bitature who had served two terms.
We are willing to follow the agreement until further notice.
Christians read the Holy Bible.
What is the punishment for forgery?
It is normal for people to disagree on certain things.
The organization has one week to correct the issues in the budget.
Grandma said, “ a man’s strength in his character.”
Children learn so many things when they socialize with each other.
The team didn't perform well in the previous season.
We won the match against their school yesterday.
Those two construction companies are competing for a contract to build the new road.
Golf leaders are putting in the effort to promote the golf game.
The party will take place at a restaurant near home.
There is always a need to ensure that girls are protected.
A kilogram of fresh beans is four thousand Ugandan shillings in that market.
Uncle said that there were cannibals just to frighten us.
Skills can be trained or acquired.
He fell from a ladder and broke his arm.
Women empowerment advocates for gender equality.
It is aimed at improving the educational system in Uganda.
He has worked with different organisations and government agencies.
They didn't use experienced personnel in that project.
He said commitment is one of the most important attributes in a workplace.
Farmers store the extra harvest in granaries.
Court orders must be submitted to.
This region is densely populated.
The government purchased disease-resistant seeds for the farmers.
The army attacked and killed many innocent locals last month.
Parents are against the Measles and Polio Campaign
Herbal oils can be used for massage.
Short distances are walkable.
Uganda was in the throes of a one-party political system.
The speaker's actions are dishonouring the council.
Some departments are suspected to have worked with the culprits.
Plants should be irrigated.
I took responsibility for my brother's crime and paid the fine.
My uncle stays alone in his house.
The volleyball team has a chance to move to the second position after today's game.
The fish jumped back into the water.
You can increase your harvest in the following ways.
We shall pay your money.
Some men and women are often reluctant to report violence cases.
Used vehicles should include a scheduled maintenance booklet.
He took his wife to her mother after giving birth.
The day was honoured by the planting of trees the whole time.
Medical surgeries are usually expensive.
Everyone aims at earning a stable income.
Why did the Ministry of Health provide a toll-free number?
She became a member of parliament without being opposed.
Majority of the people in Uganda use motorcycles as a form of transport
That football team won twenty consecutive games in the Uganda premier league.
This organization aims to promote world peace through international cooperation in culture.
Customers are important stakeholders in every business.
Every purchase is taxed.
He thanked the waiter for the great service.
The government advised the students to revise their books while at home.
My son took a picture of me while I was cooking.
He won me by ten marks only.
The secretary is in the office.
Ugandans scorned the piecemeal attempts at fighting corruption.
You have to get ready for the journey.
The court should grant the parliamentarian a court bail.
The wedding was cancelled after the bride and groom discovered that they were related.
Football is the most common sport in Europe.
The city council intends to construct more roads in Kampala district.
What are some of the presidential directives?
Golf is one of the rare sports played in Uganda.
What is factual reporting?
Interventions have been put in place to address the outbreak of cholera.
The country is home to many displaced people.
Leaders should have collective decision making.
For the first time, the country carried out scientific campaigns because of the pandemic.
Some of the economic opportunities include timber, pharmaceutical companies, eco-tourism, and mining.
Absenteeism could be a leading factor for poor performance.
This was reported in November.
Engaging in agriculture assures a steady food supply to teachers' families.
They always found him asleep in his bedroom.
I noticed the water fountain in the middle of the room.
Who is the owner of that hotel?
It's a game-changer for caring for patients with Ebola and other highly infectious diseases
People have been affected by diseases like marasmus.
The rebels fought hard to overthrow the dictator who was oppressing his citizens.
Why do you abuse your friends?
The community stands to gain a lot by exposing young girls to engineering.
We are all Ugandans even with our religious differences
There are still loopholes in the registration of sim cards.
The disease diagnosis approach is available in all health centers.
I have a cat as a pet.
She chose to do a degree in Computer Science without proper career guidance.
The district leaders should provide support for the refugees.
Where do you live?
You might have left your phone at home.
On finding out that his wife was cheating on him, he threatened to kill her.
Violent youths burnt down a truck with electricity poles.
Going on with endless tension is not good management.
That striker got a shoulder injury one month ago.
Teachers in village schools are fond of dodging work without genuine reasons.
The players won because of the confidence of their supporters.
There is flooding along the Osu stream in Arua.
The Christian explained that he did not commit any crime when he demanded rent.
People do not really know the dangers of gender-based violence.
Some people thanked God after surviving the accident.
Rules are part of every community.
The role of the police is to keep law and order.
The patron of the escapees remained behind.
Winners never give up.
She has more issues to solve.
The main purpose of the judiciary is to administer justice to all people in Uganda.
Employees are obligated to work during working hours.
Policy for gender-based violence has been launched.
That village was attacked by locusts last year.
African heads of state endorsed the Addis declaration on immunization.
The family has been compensated with seven million dollars for their losses.
The community should be sensitised on hygiene and sanitation-related issues.
The president agreed to help pastoralists.
Why are people impatient these days?
He connected me to a new job.
Country leaders should always have the citizens' best interests at heart.
The airline will combine the stop in Mbarara with their flights to Queen Elizabeth National park.
All believers ought to be generous.
Openness and transparency must come to social media
A skill acquired can be used to make money.
What makes you best suited for that job?
Poverty is one of the leading causes of school dropouts in Uganda.
As a result, he could not contest in the presidential elections.
Uganda signed a convention to mark the world wetlands day.
The Africa tournament was held in Egypt.
I took a picture of two puppies on my way home.
People were disappointed when the guest of honour didn't turn up.
The two leaders met to talk about the ongoing situation.
The officers will be punished.
The drivers who were found breaking the rules were arrested.
The government banned the use of polythene bags.
He is not recognized by the government.
We should be grateful to God for the rain.
I will never buy anything from that shop again.
Teachers help in preparing for the road ahead in our lives.
That newspaper has reliable information.
The government should thoroughly create awareness for all its programs.
Fire outbreaks lead to the loss of property.
All budgets cater for administration and campaigns for the next elections.
It is one of the best performing schools in the district.
How much do you pay for rent?
Leaders should not be subjective.
Palm oil growing has been encouraged locally.
He does not celebrate his birthday.
What is the importance of agriculture?
People are worried that power may be costly.
Our teacher succumbed to coronavirus.
Some diseases are a result of poor feeding.
It is to close the gap of new infections to women and girls.
There is a training for all company employees tomorrow.
It will also save time and money.
Many people have lost lives in the ongoing riots.
The ministry responded by saying it was holding talks with Chinese officials.
Christians celebrate the resurrection of Jesus Christ on Easter Sunday.
The number of victims of nodding disease is increasing.
We were advised to obey the law at all times.
They should no longer be allowed to operate.
In this country, people rarely talk about politics.
The minister is determined to improve the education system.
Chiefs would routinely be buried in as many as one hundred fifty pieces of barkcloth.
Most of the girls at my school drink alcohol.
Uganda imports most of its products from Kenya.
Registration for first-year students begins on the seventh of May this year.
The company was popular.
There has been advancement in the country's technology.
Exile is when one is barred from their country for political purposes.
He requested for more time to finish the assignment.
Some leaders are not corrupt.
The health team was commended for a job well done.
The plan had already been confirmed.
My team hopes to win the match.
He feels hopeless after testing positive with the Human Immune Virus.
Violence can be prevented right from the grass root.
Forests should be preserved.
Close that door and sit down.
We have the ability to govern this country.
During exams, the children were given a form for written language for the blind people.
The installation of the cables will be completed in February two thousand twenty.
How is coronavirus contracted?
He was arrested for failing to pay back a loan.
Some hospitals need to be renovated because they are very old.
The wrestling match is scheduled for this Thursday.
Do you know how I feel about you?
The majority of African youth have insecure jobs.
The club intends to form volleyball and football teams in the future.
People rely mostly on the support they receive from friends.
The coronavirus has heavily impacted people's lives
Trees play an important role in climate change reduction.
The journalist covered the news live from Kigali.
Health workers aim at saving people's lives in hospitals.
Sacrificing ourselves will not be necessary, we need better solutions.
He rose up from his seat and left.
He is a medical student.
That hospital operates day and night because it receives many patients.
The district passed a bye-law to ban gambling activities in the area.
How has the World Health Organization helped nations in fighting coronavirus?
They achieved all the project's objectives.
Smoke from the local lamps affects human health.
He is a person of high status in society.
How many people are simply playing safe?
This picture is so nice.
Investigations bring to light things that were done in the dark.
There are a lot of land grabbing cases in Uganda nowadays.
Coronavirus is not a deadly disease.
This is the picture of the girl that we buried today.
The basketball tournament was postponed to next year.
When the lion roars other animals become frightened.
Some people start smoking due to peer influence.
This cloth is of high quality.
His absence tarnished his image in the community.
The district will monitor government projects in the area.
People should always be united.
The government was requested to bail business owners on their debts.
There is more to the story.
Four people died in a car accident this morning.
I have a beautiful home.
I am finding it hard to understand what you are explaining.
The Independent Chinese mobile phone maker, Transsion has unveiled its latest smartphone.
Banks keep people's money more safely than keeping it in the house.
People are not happy with the proposed district merges.
New plant species have been introduced on market.
Their boss appreciated the workers.
Voters and supporters are two different categories of people.
The educational officer thanked teachers for the good work done.
Archdeacons are church ministers.
If we don't win this game, we shall have to play in the losers' match.
The college principal promised to look into the matter.
My sister is in trouble for dodging school today.
They have a limited voice in it.
He gave us an invitation a day to the wedding.
He made a physical visit to the village to gather more information.
The sky was filled with stars at night.
We hope to win the singing competition tomorrow.
Boreholes are the major sources of clean water in rural areas.
There is a need for people to unite and work towards development.
Primates include gorillas, orangutans, and howler monkeys.
His death occurred suddenly.
They plan to put up a big structure.
They calmed themselves down.
There are many coronavirus disease cases.
In other counties, people are stopped from participating in political campaigns.
More jobs are going to be created during oil production.
My aunt retired from her job when she was sixty years old.
My mother has gone to the garden to bring food.
Uganda Cranes are warming up for a match with Burundi.
Refugees usually settle in refugee camps.
She came back from the well with an empty jerrycan.
Climate change and water scarcity is also another problem faced by engineers.
The Minister of Finance prepares and reads the budget for every financial year on behalf of the President.
The attackers reportedly kidnapped many people
Have you heard the latest news?
She is a very influential woman in this country.
It has finally come to an end.
People no longer trust the police.
There is inadequate medicine in some public hospitals.
They bought more cars today.
Prostitution should be prohibited.
When is Uganda's independence?
Patients with coronavirus were urgently attended to in the hospitals.
I do not know how to pronounce her name.
The document stirred divisions in the National Resistance Movement.
The journalist took pictures of the vendors when he visited the market.
Road safety drives can also include community cleaning activities and sanitation awareness
A memorandum has been signed to promote cooperation in Health.
The pastoralists were very unhappy.
The accused person is not in support of mediation.
She was discharged from the hospital this morning.
He wants to become a priest.
New road signs have been put along Masaka road.
There is no error I have made simply because I have never made a decision alone.
She was rescued by the patrol police at night.
The rest of her herd fell sick and died.
The news will be live.
How is the community affected by the actions of the police?
Through engineering, many people are employed.
The newly elected Kadhi will unite the Muslims in Arua.
How much money was allocated to the task force?
General Katumbe Wamala launched the Hima Cement.
He has changed his mind about it.
His body is so weak.
We have been encouraged to buy local products.
The pandemic negatively affected international trade.
We can discover different things via the internet.
Some cars are stolen in public places like bars as owners are drinking.
Some historic sites have existed for thousands of years.
Party members have increased to nine million.
Leaders face many challenges during their term in office.
Information dissemination is to distribute information.
Some people are compensated by the government.
Many of their employees have left the organization.
The chief administrative officer has failed to ensure transparency in implementing refugee programs.
Health services should be accessible to everyone.
Graphic details of the murder emerged during the trial.
Uganda's economy is made up of the informal sector.
World Bank has funded various projects in Uganda.
Can you please relax?
What qualities are considered for an area to achieve a city status?
Standard operating procedures must be followed to prevent coronavirus spread.
They prevent the emergence of free discussion and debate.
The cost to anyone who destabilized our country is going to be raised.
We have not received any rain this month.
They voted for new leaders today.
She organized a party to celebrate her graduation.
It chose to stick to harmony and lead the formation of national unity.
Abstinence should be practised to delay the first pregnancy
He led us in praise and worship during service.
Interest rates have been lowered for the people.
Some officials deserve to be punished for their bad conduct.
He needs to find someone to blame.
The organization of the event was great.
Parents have married off their daughters at a young age.
When will the bidding take place?
He did not sign the agreement.
She came with her baby to the party.
The government should pay its employees in time.
Stop insulting me in public.
The money had to be spent rightly
She does not know her real parents.
She wants to retain the seat next year.
I called you using a friend's phone.
The league season is worth four million United States dollars.
Kagame promised to raise the cost on anybody who wants to destabilize our security.
People need to improve their communication skills.
The mob killed the thief.
China had the first coronavirus patients in the whole world.
We need better ways to transport our goods to the market.
Students divert money for school fees in sports betting.
Kenya reopened places of worship under strict conditions.
Four thousand seven hundred twenty-three deaths in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Increased competitive pressure fueled by a growing gap between installed cement grinding capacity.
The small tent is meant for an individual household.
People should come together and support the affected families.
The needy need food.
This company produces petroleum jelly for all skin types.
Both families should be helped by the government.
Uganda's financial year runs from the first day of July to the thirtieth of June.
The ministry showed its weakness when positive cases tested negative in other areas.
Contracts can easily be changed before being signed.
He woke up in the middle of the night to eat.
The focus is on improving trade in the area.
Over billions of money are used to fund road constructions.
Target casting should not destroy foundational elements of our democracy
The committee gave the district chairperson ten days to submit the details of those affected by the floods.
More effort should be put in to address malnutrition in rural areas.
This job rendered him idle most of the time
Avoid braking wherever possible.
Uganda should export good quality agricultural products.
Every engineer is responsible for any careless work done.
Some of the workers live on the farm.
Investigations are ongoing about corruption in public offices.
The boat was damaged on Lake Kyoga as they were fishing.
The beehive suppliers complained that they had not been paid.
Deafness can be healed.
The deceased's family has confirmed that he succumbed to coronavirus.
President Museveni appointed her as a special presidential advisor on Kampala affairs.
All the classroom windows were broken during the strike.
One of the walls cracked and fell as we watched.
The public has a right to participate in elections.
We need to restore peace in northern Uganda.
We need to create a conducive environment for feeding mothers at parliament.
In Uganda, a suspect is innocent until proven guilty by the courts of law.
All the measures offered are within the law.
She works so hard to support her children.
The government is taxing citizens by taxing products for home use.
I enjoy playing football.
With deep humility, he apologized for all he had done.
The doctor told the press there were no guidelines to contain the virus.
Organizations work closely with the health ministry in controlling the spread of diseases.
The officials were granted bail.
What does it take for one to start up their own business?
They picked the body from the mortuary.
Refugees with guns have been advised to surrender.
She encourages her children to take their studies seriously.
Both the bishop and archbishop serve in the church.
The court ruling is final.
They were not sure of who shot the officer.
There is a need for electoral reforms to stop vote rigging and ensure free and fair elections.
According to Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, military expenditure does not reflect military capability.
They refused to make the requested changes in the proposal.
The decisions you make today can greatly influence your future.
Children learn well in a peaceful school environment.
He got the loan at ten percent interest.
What causes conflicts among people?
Black Friday is normally in November.
He has grown up from Arua and understands people's problems.
The shirt has no sleeves.
The art exhibitions were both at Makerere art gallery and Nommo Gallery
How do you spend your free time?
The ruling party has the most Members of Parliament.
People take drugs in order to feel emotionally high.
From one thousand nine hundred ninety-one to one thousand nine hundred ninety-six.
The Water Recovery Plant is to aid in the water usage target.
Children should attend all lessons while at school.
Parliamentarians voted for the new speaker of parliament.
Her mother inspired her to start baking.
May her soul rest in peace.
The previous harvesting season was not good.
The local chairpersons are at the centre of service delivery in Uganda.
The district officials vowed to solve the challenges faced by the people in society.
The court of law has a right to grant bail with or without a doubt.
The district commissioner and his assistant are arguing over the budget needed for roadwork.
Our population is smaller compared to other districts.
It was a marketing and rights agreement.
There are many security measures put in place.
It mostly depends on foreigners
The district can  allocate funds accurately unlike these selfish individuals
A healthy life is worth more than money.
All drug abusers will be punished.
The chairman requested us to register our land.
The state minister for local government will be the guest of honour.
The army officer has portrayed a bad image of the army.
Do you have access to clean water?
I could not just sit back even though I knew the area was insecure.
His dream is to become a movie star in the future.
People should not touch their eyes, nose and mouth.
Soldiers too need health services.
Sports is an income-generating activity.
She took over a hundred pictures at the wedding ceremony.
The government has warned against discriminating against people with disabilities.
Due to lack of facilities, mothers are forced to move to other health centres.
That teacher always comes late.
The patient started showing symptoms of coronavirus four days after exposure.
The streets of Kampala were empty by midday.
Social media platforms have the potential to change lives around the continent
My mother is very good at cooking.
She was murdered mysteriously.
The larger market leads to a more vibrant economy of over one hundred million people.
Babies start movement by crawling.
He has been admitted to a hospital for two months now.
The farming project was targeting Northern Uganda.
Olympics medalists were globally recognized.
People are not concerned about the existence of the coronavirus.
The sunlight rays dry our clothes.
The church provides counseling services to married couples.
Children dirtied themselves with mud.
The woman leader encouraged us to work together for the greater cause.
People are more concerned about their businesses and not their lives.
On his retirement, he had to handover office to the new manager.
I brush my teeth every day.
People are happy with the government's efforts in improving health care services in Uganda.
My view is that our share price should have been ten to one instead of one hundred to one.
How many graduates have jobs so far?
More sensitization is needed to educate parents on proper child feeding.
The lodge will provide pick-up and drop-off services.
You deserve better.
The villagers helped the elderly woman to weed her field.
The president can’t solve everything.
The school management should establish strict rules and regulations.
African countries need to work together.
People are given first names based on their religions.
The government has encouraged the use of other alternative sources of energy like solar.
Their house caught fire because the electrical wires were connected illegally and poorly.
There were two more aspirants in the presidential race.
Policy measures should be implemented to solve land disputes.
New coronavirus disease cases were registered today.
What are the duties of a journalist?
Some government officials are corrupt.
This cultural gathering is to show that these countries work together.
All government authorities and organizations have a permanent secretary.
Her former boss apologized for the way he had treated her.
Some colleagues received salary cuts.
He intends to bring people together and have a common goal in society.
Ambulances should be equipped with oxygen.
Why did he fall in love with that girl?
Many hospitals in Uganda are facing an oxygen shortage.
It is very hard to survive a highway car accident
She did not fall into their trap.
There are few gospel artists in the district.
Sexual reproductive health will reduce the rate of gender-based violence.
The detail will be revealed at the evening news hour.
East African countries should work together on matters of trade
The duty of the nurse was to take care of the old woman.
What can disrupt one's peace?
Why should a mobile money transfer be cancelled?
Once you start taking these drugs, you do it throughout your life.
I think it is disrespectful to walk out on an ongoing meeting.
He lost his respect in society, all because of alcohol.
People can’t move without putting on masks.
The church will turn the disputed land into freehold.
I have never seen a mad woman like her in all my life.
Registered voters can confirm registration at their voting locations.
It has been a back and forth since Rwanda closed its border with Uganda.
Students from different educational institutions have taken part in tree planting.
His family was quarantined upon arrival at the airport.
The government has just declared a state of emergency.
One of the coronavirus health guidelines is to wear a mask while in public.
She has long black hair.
People have no clothing to put on.
Some areas have a weak internet connection.
Parents were requested to clear the school fees balances.
I do not know the chairman's name.
The national team lost the competition.
The platform Zuckerberg created does more than give people a voice, bringing them together.
The vendors have no access to clean water.
This uncertain situation has not gone unnoticed by football administrators.
The region looks forward to more game fixtures.
The opposition political parties are worried that the ruling party may win the elections.
The community has purchased some computers.
Most fruits are eaten raw.
How do we fight corruption?
There is a reason why some information is not put out to the public.
The district aims at reducing the cases of malnutrition in the area.
The lady was deported back to America.
The school provides lunch and supper to the students.
The legislators are not happy with the conduct of the companies.
There is an outbreak of yellow fever in Moyo district.
He was allowed to return to his country after ten years of exile.
Some children dropped out of school because of the pandemic.
We are poor and they were refusing to pay us
Be mindful of whom you interact with.
He is retiring from professional running.
People cheered the runners saying, "You are our heroes."
New employees were recruited.
Our family goes to church every Sunday.
The chairman introduces himself.
He worked as a bank secretary and head of legal services for seven years.
Private teachers' have their main office in Kampala.
We shall all stand before God one day.
Foreign tourists bring foreign currency into the country.
The district officials are doing everything to control the situation.
Who is the commissioner of police?
The tour was concluded by the honourable minister.
It is good to make friends.
Women were equipped with skills to make sanitary pads.
The water problem will be resolved.
Whoever needs the manager should sit in the waiting room.
Your test results are still in the laboratory.
The general elections are one year away.
It rains all year round.
The patient was already dead by the time they arrived at the hospital.
Currently, most constituencies in Uganda have been divided into two.
Some people spend their largest proportion of time in bars drinking alcohol.
While lifting the lockdown, motorcycle riders were directed to carry only one passenger.
In which year were you born?
The company made the vaccine.
The waitress is complaining about your behavior.
This decision is unfair and will yield negative results.
Economic development doesn't happen overnight so patience is key
Plans are in place to build new district offices.
They are not the rightful owners of the land.
Why is drug abuse bad for your life?
Residents in our village are working together to maintain community roads.
Every decision he makes is in the interest of his own people.
The government nowadays is trying to control what is said in the media.
There was a riot on Jinja road.
Sincerely, the city needs to be expanded because it is over congested.
Due to the strict lockdown measures, many people in Uganda were not able to move to the villages.
People shouldn't engage in mob violence but call the police to take charge
She wants to brighten the color of her teeth.
The postponement of the meeting might create a sense of exhaustion on Uganda's part.
I listened to peasants accusing government officials, including the police.
As a result of hunger, he was tempted to steal his friend's wallet.
A mad man was knocked by a police car.
We should make laws that can assist in fighting defilers.
There was a lot of bloodshed during the riot.
The deceased was fifty five years old.
Yet the change essentially needs to be driven from within.
The whole family hated him.
She was one of the candidates for the post of village chairperson.
Value-added tax is commonly charged on products.
A pledge is a promise to do something.
She has decided not to contest for school head prefect.
The two companies have partnered to work together on the new project.
The base has new training facilities, equipment, and aircraft.
She didn't have the fighting skills to protect her family from danger.
To become a registered engineer, you must have ten years of experience.
The low levels of water have greatly affected the power generation.
An expert in agriculture and nutrition dominated the food awards.
There are conflicts within the cultural administration.
The district task force should follow established rules and regulations.
Admittedly some have fled over the years.
They were telling the truth.
He said in a letter that Bemanya be replaced with another administrator
The winning firm will benefit from getting the quality award.
The Electoral Commission is updating the National Voters' Register at each update station in every parish.
Parents need to counsel their children not to engage themselves in bad behavior.
Parents should prohibit their children from betting activities.
Highway speed cars get better distance coverage with the Alternating
Dealers in counterfeit goods will spend ten years in jail.
Marriage is for grown-up people.
People are working towards achieving social economic development.
Katumba attained a cumulative grade point average of four point nine two.
The driver said he stopped the car suddenly.
Give children the required basic needs.
Most schools provide lunch to their students.
The school got burnt last night.
How often do you visit a massage parlor?
Basic transit shall be the termination charge for the respective destination.
Samba Henk said that the Netherlands has not only provided equipment to Legal Training Center.
Drivers should accelerate their cars smoothly.
The celebrations took place in the refugee camps.
People replaced firewood with the solar lighting system.
Windshield wiper blades are essential driving safety components.
I sleep with my sister in the same bedroom.
Let us not relax people we can fight off the coronavirus
The blackout was initially reported on social media.
There is disunity among cultural institutions in the area.
Baboons and chimpanzees look alike.
The financial years' budget will be ready next week.
Women have a right to higher education as men.
The tribal wars in Northern Uganda still exist.
The parents' meeting is scheduled to take place tomorrow in the school main hall.
This district is ten thousand kilometers away from the Capital City.
The doctor said carrying out a coronavirus test is the only way to be sure if you are not infected.
The Super League received fifty-three million shillings.
Through football, they will build a good relationship between youth from different regions.
Some of these young girls are forced into marriage.
The judges upheld the election results saying the outcome had not been affected.
Most journalists in our country are males.
I can speak six languages.
I looked after her child when she was away on a business trip.
He requested us to apologize to the minister of finance.
We had lunch together.
Uganda encourages reservation of forests.
That is the man that I was telling you about.
The children are very friendly with each other.
One of the symptoms of a plant affected by maize streak disease is yellow leaves.
We are advised to report all criminals to police.
He sells good quality shoes.
Medical treatments lower the risk of the disease spread.
Aim to live peacefully with everyone in the community.
He rides a rare motorcycle brand.
He changed his old ways.
Is she the right woman for you?
Despite the health risks, many people continue to smoke.
This day will be celebrated annually.
Sunday school services have been suspended due to the pandemic
Moody people are easy to deal with.
How many regional referral hospitals do we have in Uganda?
They recorded the total number of refugees.
How can one tell the validity of something?
All passengers in taxis are required to wear face masks.
The high court reserved its decision on that case.
The district has provided land for the project.
That organization sent spies to our company to find out if we are competing against them.
He does this to prevent them from going to traditional healers.
The government will install different power projects across the country.
As a way of killing boredom, sometimes I play games on my phone.
Anglicans believe in God.
Most of the teachers were laid off.
Some government officials have been accused of taking bribes.
People were equipped with knowledge about and how the virus can be discarded.
Not everyone who likes you cares about you.
Senegal won the African basketball championships held in Rwanda.
Getting there may be easy but staying is very difficult.
Cities spearhead development in the regions.
He reached to me for help.
It is not good to judge people.
Farmers make a lot of profits in coffee growing.
Human beings are full of emotions.
What kind of cases are taken to the High court?
There were more severe cases in the second wave of coronavirus in Uganda.
Refugee agricultural projects ensure that these communities can now feed themselves
Every third of June, thousands of people visit the Namugongo shrines.
The schoolboy was left stranded in the bus park.
There's a long list of politicians who move from cabinet/parliament to economic stress.
The University staff comprises lecturers.
They organized an event to welcome the tourists.
People should always be given a chance to serve the country.
People who were moving during curfew hours were brutally beaten by police officers.
The students are doing their best to see to it that the University functions to its best
The matron used to walk around the dormitory at night to ensure that the girls don't get into danger.
Democracy is always an interesting topic to discuss.
Fish live in water.
The locals were relocated to a safe area because there is a chance of another landslide happening.
We should always pray for good health.
Uganda is in the Sub Saharan part of Africa.
Are you self employed?
The minister is a man of integrity.
What makes her different from the other women?
In between, Kaggwa served as a minister for political affairs in the office of the President
Food is a basic need for a man.
We won the schools' cricket competition last year.
The firefighters saved the young boy who was trapped in the burning house.
As a role model, he demonstrated how mind and spirit combine to overcome difficulties.
He has scored more goals for his team than the other players.
News updates are starting at any time.
You will work hard on roads and farms when rebuilding this nation.
The parliamentarian will lobby for funds and establish income-generating activities.
More funds should be allocated to Agricultural research to ensure food security.
South Sudan is faced with an ever-looming threat of war breaking out.
Adults are allowed to join the mountain biking activities.
What is the name of the school you study from?
If she builds herself a house, the government would provide iron sheets.
Many men watch football religiously.
He won the election for political party president.
The district organised a meeting to address the challenge of early pregnancies.
The suspect has been sent to prison.
The cause of violence among the youth is not yet known.
The government stopped the movement of private cars throughout the country.
Schools should adopt online learning during this pandemic
Matters worsened when Kusasira said that the party leaders had to write to her.
I didn't pick a point from his speech.
The districts should handle their conflicts internally.
I was never prepared for this weather.
My job application was rejected.
South Sudan has a plan of importing power from neighbouring countries.
We have several political parties in Uganda.
People should maintain personal hygiene.
The awarding ceremony took place last week.
Many other parts of the world suffer from a worryingly low vaccination rate.
Have you ever sailed in a boat?
They do not motivate their workers.
Uganda is one of the commonwealth countries.
Can I join the church choir?
The minister planted a tree as a memorial of his visit.
The performance in this year's examination is the best the school has recorded.
He was born as the eldest child of a missionary couple.
The federation has greatly improved the standard of sports in the country.
The district needs to establish ambulance services in the area.
The minister has worked closely with the local leaders to develop the youths.
People will be able to apply for loans because they have land as security.
Government organizations and projects are audited by the office of the Auditor-General.
The supporters joined another club because they were disappointed with their team.
What is Uganda's emblem?
He legally changed his name when he turned twenty years.
Unboiled water is not safe for drinking.
Political parties need enough funds to facilitate the smooth flow of their plans.
My sister teaches mathematics at a nearby school.
There is a competition between shops selling new clothes and second-hand clothes.
The minister of local government announced new cities this year.
Go and check on the dogs outside.
What is the use of social media?
Chaos erupted when the chairman of electoral commission announced two winners for the same position.
The opposition leaders are not happy with the current government.
Improved road network shall increase the efficiency of business operations.
The government plans to set up a dam.
We are challenging the new rule that says all employees will not be given lunch.
Hospitals in Kampala have skilled and available doctors all time.
You can only find out if you have coronavirus disease after being diagnosed.
The two are government employees.
The game fixtures have not been made yet.
Police officers were charged with the murder of a lawyer and his client.
Sciences are assumed to be difficult studies.
The team needs money to support them during the competitions.
He got a job as a security guard at the bank.
The market is ten kilometers away from our home.
Some schools continue to operate without a license.
The president decided to lock down the whole country because of the pandemic.
Neighbouring nations need to collaborate.
Help the needy members in society.
The disease is known to cause permanent brain damage.
Some members of parliament refuse to attend the meetings.
She worked as a nurse in the hospital.
The refugees requested for better standards of living.
Some farmers have been discouraged by the low maize prices on the market.
Football fans can keep up with the performance of their teams without ever visiting the club homes
Kenya, with seventy-four percent participation in sports betting.
How many countries are under the commonwealth?
He donated food items to the teachers who have been affected by the closure of schools.
He sent me a threatening message.
His arrest was unlawful because he had not committed any crime.
They were arrested later.
I want what is best for my children.
She joined the Kiswahili class yesterday
Onduparaka will play the game against Kasasiro boys without their skipper.
Land wrangles result in division among family members
There was an outbreak of coronavirus in two thousand nineteen.
Nowadays, many infertile women use scientific methods to get pregnant.
He is suspected to have stolen money from the government.
Few people are living in the country.
Children under the age of five accounted for almost seventy-five percent of infections.
The police officers gave stabbers and muggers a run for their money.
I was in the army for thirty years.
She falsely accused him of rape.
How many crates of soda should I buy?
They were stopped from selling their land.
I bought a new pair of shoes from town yesterday.
The estate manager has been given two days to clear all his debtors.
None of the employees was forced to take a pay cut.
How many coronavirus deaths recorded as of today?
He is in love with a born again woman.
The list of beneficiaries has grown.
It was the public's airwaves.
Lake Victoria is large.
They are researching the disease.
The president has ordered all district leaders to transport patients to hospitals.
The refugee camp leaders have established coronavirus guidelines for the refugees.
Chinese arms boast similar features to Russian weapons according to military expert reports.
The government distributed posho and beans to the less privileged citizens during the pandemic.
Ten people died in a car accident.
It is illegal for a business to operate without a license.
The rest of my friends are going to the next country.
We believe everything is possible before God.
We have many boda boda riders in Kampala.
She was released from prison yesterday.
He didn't like the idea of forming a pressure group.
We are on the winning side.
Uganda should send experts in international relations to the East African Legislative Assembly.
President promised to increase the salaries of medical doctors.
The move was aimed at rewarding the company's customers.
Is it right for schools to be traded for other activities?
Communities must demolish any barrier against democracy.
They are driven by the desire to be successful.
The move might break the district apart instead of uniting it.
It took us several hours to finish the task.
The thieves stole his television set.
A few coronavirus recoveries have been realised.
Children with bad eyesight may be discriminated against in school.
Possession of guns without government permission is against the law.
How much money was allocated to the sports ministry?
Intimidating residents causes insecurity to them.
Acknowledgment should always be given to the sponsor.
Three Ugandan-based singers will collaborate on a song to raise money for the cancer institute.
Many albinos are discriminated in various communities.
Some money was granted to us.
He was killed with a panga.
The suspect was hurting so many people in the community.
We are currently not allowing visitors.
The football coach discussed the importance of a united team.
Locals are not in support of individuals participating in the exercise.
Kadaga was railing on a possible scam surrounding the construction of the bridge.
Gifts are given to those we love.
Many people lost their lives during the tribal war.
Some journalists will be rewarded for creating awareness on health issues.
Awareness of public health is being done.
Street parking generates a lot of revenue for the town.
Police officers habitually raid houses and execute random arrests.
He has a very weird character.
All the primary five students participated in the singing competition.
The First lady will be the event's guest of honour.
Providing a quality health system should be a priority for the government.
We all have challenges in life.
The police dispersed the youths in the trading centre.
About three large gardens make up the front of the house.
Women are advised to participate in electoral processes.
However, the convicts challenged their respective sentences and conviction.
The University is open to all students around the world.
They see such accusations as attempts to sideline them.
The bread got spoilt after four days.
The children planted trees in the compound.
They demanded accountability of their taxes.
Salaries of civil servants have been raised during this financial year.
The poison he took killed him instantly.
Those that may be infected are being given treatment.
Coming together in an environment of shared information.
Businesses are required to operate after obtaining a trading license.
Your mother said that you shouldn’t leave home at night.
Police are investigating the possible misuse of the money.
Do you know how to pray the rosary?
Some people did not qualify to participate in the Tokyo Olympics.
The leader was punished for negligence of the law.
His son sold the vehicle.
The government-funded the construction of the market.
Wishing all Muslims a happy Eid
The residents attacked people who had come to chase them from the land.
Northern Uganda is poorly developed.
She played the part of a wicked stepmother in the play.
This was through the provision of public services like healthcare and education.
A big number of people use tobacco.
He later said that more people are being able to share their perspectives.
Players are supposed to work together on the pitch to get results.
How can women prevent unnecessary pregnancies?
Which media company are you working for?
Once charcoal usage stops, there will be a decrease in deforestation.
This weather is not favorable for planting beans.
Our lectures have not yet started.
The results of the match are still unknown.
The continent has witnessed long-term violent conflicts.
Women's day is celebrated every year in March across the country.
It is not yet confirmed that Fortportal is a city of its own.
We have forums where these issues are raised.
We were all shocked to learn of the death of our landlord.
The deceased was my friend's father.
Women are still encouraged to apply for new posts.
Sensitize the public about gender violence.
He asked why the Confederation for African Football was now singing a different tune.
The stormy winds destroyed most of her crops in the field.
There are many religious leaders in our country.
My father records down everything in his notebook.
Sometimes people need a shoulder to lean on.
Probably the commission is good at handling the complaints.
The police are investigating the case.
What is required to carry out mining activities?
Were the police statements released?
Commonwealth conferences are to be held in Uganda.
There is no channel dial to turn for another opinion.
Have you paid all the school fees?
Security forces stopped hundreds of demonstrators attempting to get close to United Nations headquarters.
Careless health workers are the ones that get infected with diseases.
This guy is determined to build the house.
There is a lot of politicking in the government.
Every culture in Uganda in Uganda has its own dressing code.
With this new machinery, road construction will become easier.
We saw an elephant crossing the road in the game park.
Many girls are taken to Arab nations illegally.
She requested the local council to use the donations to buy vehicles for the locust task force.
Two women were included on the Sudan sovereign council.
My sister was selling fruits during the lockdown.
That mountain can erupt any day.
My experience in jail was wonderful.
Many markets have been constructed.
When given a job, you must be willing to work.
Fake products are usually cheaper than original products.
He rested his arms on the chair.
Residents attacked a rich man who attempted to grab part of their land.
They will be trained for a specific period of time.
We ate raw cabbages in the salads.
Many people want to buy that house because it has a big compound.
More refugees are coming into the country every day.
Both of the candidates are suitable for the post.
He opened political space for their participation.
Students should work hard for good grades.
Which commodities are priced in dollars?
Teachers watch over the children while at school.
The news agency reports about events happening all over the world.
The church choir acquired new uniforms.
Organisations which help the district will be rewarded while those who fail will be penalized.
Social media has, indeed, changed the way people create information.
He pleaded innocent during the court session.
The purpose of the exercise is to enable people wrongly recommended for deletion to object.
She is pregnant again.
Some young girls seek means of survival, and they end up getting pregnant.
Bad roads affect businesses.
Democracy should be practised.
We are advised to sanitize as much as we can.
Some people think that it is satanic to tattoo your body.
She confronted him with evidence that he cheated on her with another woman.
The people do not know what should be done.
The ministry authorised the municipal council to observe and coordinate the underlying activities.
We should always support each other.
Hotels and lodges are facing a difficult time during the pandemic.
Armed groups are a threat to the government in power.
Real estate developers want income earners to run to the bank for a mortgage.
The case was dismissed from the court because of insufficient evidence.
He said Uganda remains very patient amidst everything.
There is a crack in the windshield of my car.
Nobody should talk of independence.
If I say my tribe, my tribe, it doesn't make sense.
The injured student was transferred to the regional main hospital for treatment.
I am going for a job interview.
Some people discover that they have health issues when it is too late.
Some people lost their lives as they tried to break out of prison.
Sachet waragi was banned in Uganda.
He saves half of his monthly salary.
Security officers should be highly disciplined and highly trained.
She prepares her children for school every morning.
The exhibition provides a platform to build more important relationships.
Some followers blame their leaders for misusing church money.
The school receives visitors every week.
She said the country needs at least two national airports.
I haven't heard from your brother since January last year.
Best teachers to be announced this week.
Her husband died and she was left to care for their seven children.
What is your favorite dish?
I own a piggery farm.
She was suspended from school after fighting with another student.
Nobody knows his home address.
There are murmurs on the motive of the speaker's initiation by the President.
We should respect our elders.
Genuine revolutions never take back the values they hold dear.
Governments in poor countries use corruption to consolidate power
The prisoners are not allowed to interact with anyone.
The human resource was mobilised ahead of time.
Our neighbor died due to breathing complications.
Nowadays people take the law in their own hands.
When a tax is imposed on a product, its cost rises.
Big companies support football sport in the country year after year.
The police officer was arrested for violating human rights.
They punished all chaotic students.
It is the responsibility of the citizens to pay taxes set by the government.
The hospital will be giving health services to all the people in the community.
I meet many different people in my line of work.
The furniture store did not operate during the lockdown.
The authority gave the project a lifespan of three years.
Authorities described the youth as trouble makers.
What is the purpose of an affidavit?
Schools will promote pupils who have a decent performance.
Politicians asserted that media campaigns deny people the right to access accurate information.
The resident district commissioner emphasized that the youths are the leaders of tomorrow.
The minister always has a story of hope to tell the people.
They made outreach to all prisons.
It is hard to have children concentrate in online classes.
Which book and verse are you reading from the bible?
You should listen to the advice of your elders.
You reap what you sow.
There is always something to be given away on a handover ceremony.
Teachers gave their students company during the trip.
Farming can improve standards of living.
People's cars were stolen.
They assured the locals that they would construct more boreholes in the region.
The police should be brought into play to enforce the covid nineteen guidelines.
Driving with windows at high speed reduces fuel efficiency.
Christians should continue donating to their Churches.
That hospital director has organised care training for all staff members.
The bad roads cause accidents every day.
He was one of the soldiers in that rebel group.
Only one of the expected witnesses showed up.
One of the local contestants performed five songs in one stage appearance.
Washing hands is mandatory in the fight against the coronavirus.
The crowd has responded with wild cheering.
He was arrested for misconduct during the campaign.
Could be some patients die of other diseases and not coronavirus.
Tension has built up between the two countries in the last few months.
A developing country like Uganda should focus on industrialization to create jobs
The summit is most likely to be overshadowed by this growing rift between the countries.
Why was artificial oxygen used in treating coronavirus?
She wore a long dress to the church party.
He launched the two thousand nineteen Forum On China African Cooperation.
She has not yet given birth.
He called on the party members to be firm in their support.
The parents pay school fees per term.
The new hospital is going to improve health services in the region.
He inherited his late father's property.
Most of the roads in rural areas are in a poor state.
The public outcry was a result of the images of police action.
Mortgage products are hidden, slow to process, and unsuited to the market.
Investors are given free land to establish industries and factories.
This is a very serious mistake.
He has left a legacy for the people of Uganda, especially in the north.
Toe measures the degree to which the vehicle’s wheels are pointed in or out.
What are some of the benefits of social media?
My employers reasons for terminating my contract are not sufficient.
Some people lost their lives in conflicts.
My brother does not like to shower.
We need to beef up the security in the village.
Makerere university's main campus is located in the district of Kampala.
In some cases, it has offered the wrong intervention to the problem.
Why do you lend things that are not yours?
Employers should ensure that every employee has work to do.
We are not allowed to move from one district to another.
The patient was requested to pay a consultation fee.
It was a belief that the rule of law would ensure peace and democracy
You need to write a statement at the police station.
Recent donations will be towards coronavirus.
The president wants to win the support of the people once again.
Teacher accommodation facilitation ensures teachers never run late for classes
What is the best way to conserve fish?
She quickly adjusted to the new environment.
Contracts are legally binding.
Living without a job is scary to some people.
The new manager has increased our working hours to improve job performance.
University institutions provide education services to people.
There is too much exploitation of foreign workers in some countries.
There are fears that the forthcoming elections will be invalid.
A government officer misused funds intended to buy new beds in the main hospital.
People committing crimes are increasing each year.
He scored a goal within the first five minutes of the game.
She hoped her land would be more valuable in ten years.
The employees complained about the manager to the board of directors.
They should receive rewards for a higher ranking.
Some Ugandans do business in South Sudan.
The best vaccine for Covid-19 is coming soon.
The locals are not allowed to move at night.
The public has been sensitized about the benefits of washing hands with soap.
Kojan says the family can come and see the patient.
Some wells in the area have dried up because of the dry spell.
It is good for a mother to plan for her pregnancy.
Women show their anger about violence against them.
The refugee camp is a threat to other settlers.
He helped his daughter with her homework.
How can one's level of maturity be determined?
National Water and Sewerage Corporation will fix the water pipes next week
Our netball team has qualified for the interschool finals.
Non-government schools continue to perform better than government schools.
The road has to be completed within six months.
He said hard work is the key to maintaining the top position in the mathematics competition.
What are some of the roles played by the game rangers?
There is a lot of advice about farming that can be got from cooperatives.
Refugee leaders have been involved in the planning process.
A lot of money is collected from taxes every financial year.
Absence from work is registered as sick leave if the quarantined employee is ill.
Police also help in fighting corruption.
Voters should physically visit updated stations in their parish.
What causes hostility in people?
The children saw insects in the garden.
It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front
The government is recruiting people in the army.
Each car has a maximum speed.
Human resource is interviewing the candidate now.
Physical distancing can prevent the spread of coronavirus disease.
What has been your management style?
Ronald Sebuhinja said government officials must try to resurrect the company
The school is holding a rugby match between senior one and two students.
All the data is in the report is accurate
I suppose every elder has ever been a youth at a certain stage in life.
He shared his accomplishments while he was in office.
Many people acquire loans to start businesses.
Ugandans are so welcoming and take good care of visitors.
He dismissed the likelihood of a volcanic eruption.
Some of the councillors are happy about the decision made.
Our university canceled the online exams.
We are waiting for the police report on the murder.
He showed us all the nice hotels around the city.
His house was misplaced among the multi-roomed properties behind the high fences.
You should learn how to transform your business after the lockdown.
The incident started on Sunday morning.
Most of the government programs have not been successfully implemented.
The town is full of shops selling clothes.
Only twenty-seven percent rent main house units.
I booked our flight tickets from Uganda to Nairobi.
The refugees should be able to grow their own food for their families.
None of us chose the parents we have.
Leaders can actively promote national unity and succeed.
Gladys Liu, the Marketing Manager in Uganda, said the launch of Infinix Samsung five.
He aired his views in the wrong forum.
I am selling my land.
What strategies should the government of Uganda set in place to fight corruption?
The roads have a lot of potholes.
People should sleep under treated mosquito nets.
Men, women and children need to be sensitized about their roles in a home.
The meeting was held with the oil companies in northern Uganda.
My daughter needs a blood transfusion urgently because she is severely anemic.
Some locals lost their land to the construction of the new road.
Some of the houses in my village collapsed during the earthquake.
There were bullets fired all over the place.
Fall Armyworm is feeding on the maize leaf.
Some brands are now being imported into the Ugandan market.
The judge found him guilty of stealing government money.
Onduparaka is unbeaten at the Green Light Stadium.
How long does it take to build a house?
How will you raise all this money?
There was no way of avoiding the consequences of her dishonesty.
The friends are happy together.
There is no requirement for one to join the school football team.
There is a lot that needs to be done to ensure that we get good roads.
It's been a decade since I started this business.
They committed many crimes during the war.
He told us to work as a team.
The chief guest will be President Museveni.
How can we improve security in an area?
The volume of the television is too high.
They donate foodstuff every year.
Do you know where the headquarters for the national television are found?
The good thing about settling a case at mediation is confidentiality.
There is an increase in the number of people currently using social networking sites especially Facebook.
He works in a gold mine.
Starting her own business was a good idea.
He tested positive for the coronavirus.
Some people are always left behind in developmental matters in their communities.
He was accused of other illegal actions.
The President encourages people to participate in co-curricular activities.
Public meetings can lead to the spread of the disease.
The ministry of defence is in the process of building a national military hospital.
The students in villages are not learning because their parents cannot afford computers.
Communities are aware of the prevalence of coronavirus disease in the country.
What kind of house chores do you do while at home?
Business people import products from other countries and sell them to locals.
The Commission informs the public that interconnection rates shall be applied as default.
Married couples vow to be together till death.
Security in hospitals should be tightened.
The community should fight against gender-based violence.
After his wife died, he married another woman.
Only once in a while, but still piloted by Russian experts.
Gamblers asserted that only the lucky ones earn from betting.
This girl is good at lying.
He is a respectable man in the community.
I have washed my mosquito net.
The teachers are going to punish us for going late to class.
We need to talk more often about maternal health.
The land title acquired by the minister has been canceled.
It is always good to have a role model.
The Bombo group now wallows in poverty and zero recognition
Seeing her children happy makes her happy too.
He has done a lot of voluntary work in the community.
All my sisters are wedded.
It requires a lot of money to sponsor a team in a league.
The company has released money for the purchase of medicine.
Academic institutions are expected to adhere to the new rule.
The minister commended the health practitioners for the outstanding job they are doing.
Tom Wheeler, is Visiting Fellow -Governance Studies, Center for Technology Innovation
Fuel cards were provided for the ambulances.
Football is one of the most exciting sport to watch.
How much do the storybooks cost?
The federation had no choice but to cancel the deal
The Electoral Commission has lost trust because people do not trust it.
All the football players were tested for coronavirus two days ago.
That photograph was taken fifty years ago.
He followed up a diploma in legal practice at the Law Development Centre.
The machines in the coffee factory were operating at a high speed.
We shall not rest  until people are free from malaria
When working on a project, one should consider the turnaround time.
Diarrhoea is very common in places with dirty water sources.
He lost his school identity card.
He is confident that he will still represent the people of Ayivu west in parliament.
The deceased was buried next to his mother.
People spend a lot of money during the festive season.
The gift of life that God gave us is incomparable.
What causes refugees to clash with host communities?
A dentist cannot do a heart operation because it's not his or her area of specialty.
Many people in rural areas face the problem of poverty.
I have never seen him laugh.
I want you to pay my money by Friday this week.
At least most people can afford a smartphone these days.
There are American soldiers in some countries in Africa.
University leaders cautioned students against involving in unlawful acts.
The ambulances have to serve the entire western region.
How many players make a football team?
The Commission received an award as the best National Human Rights Institution.
My sister puts a lot of sugar in tea.
The eighty-three minutes of call time are between six in the morning to six in the evening
Will you participate in the competition?
Commercial farmers should adapt to modern ways of farming.
She gave him a curious look because she doesn't trust him.
Police misconduct is structural and a part of everyday policing.
Feedback helps us to evaluate the effectiveness of something.
Everyone should care and love foreigners.
Things are done differently in every university.
There is a high crime rate in the slum areas of Kampala.
The district leaders were irritated because the act shows their incapability.
The dead body was taken to the hospital for cross-examination.
Cable television is narrowcasting.
He has a big church.
The heavy rains last night damaged the road.
The government should provide a favorable investment climate.
The headmaster says that students convicted of violent acts will be expelled.
Coffee is grown across the country.
The huge numbers make the refugee camp very vulnerable during coronavirus.
What is the motto of your school?
The company has been invited for the promotional avenues.
Mob justice is condemned.
A pattern is emerging about areas likely to see election violence.
Many people had not awoken to the disaster that we were sitting with.
The countries will benefit from each other if they unite.
The National Resistance Council was set to formalize National Resistance Movement decisions.
Election results will be announced tomorrow.
The minister addressed the issue in a two-day meeting.
What is the role of health centre management?
Process responsibility was handed over to the advocacy committee.
He encouraged the staff to work towards achieving the organisation's objectives.
This pen was given to me by my primary school teacher.
Primary school has always been seven years in total.
Human activities alongside the river have affected the river capacity.
The United Nations General Assembly continues to do its work in Uganda.
Government should assist farmers in rural areas.
The matter was then taken on by the Economic Court.
Why are you dragging my mother in this?
The Electoral Commission is to conduct a fresh election for that constituency.
We have basketball games tonight.
The leaders asked the police to release the people arrested in action.
Reports say she is headed to Rome, Italy as her next posting
When he jumps security barriers to shake hands, they run wild.
That is your own imagination.
One of the witnesses told the police that the accident happened at midnight.
It is our responsibility to keep children safe.
What are the basics of choosing a mentor?
How does someone become a priest?
The lawyer requested the judge to settle the case outside the court.
The parents cannot afford to pay school fees for the boy's secondary education.
He got the majority votes but he was not announced as the winner.
Russia supplies thirty-nine percent of Africa's imported arms.
Why are you lying to the people?
Do we have any group work?
Authorities should come up with strategies to manage garbage in towns.
The children would not have fought if they had both got the same presents.
So many documents were burnt in the building.
The police are trying to trace the person who stole my phone.
How many players have injuries?
Two officers have arrested a leader for defiling a thirteen-year-old girl.
The truck driver tested positive for coronavirus while at the border.
Terraces reduce the speed of running water along the slopes.
Through baking, women can increase their income.
The government had promised to send us some money.
The old man feels lonely ever since his wife died.
The doctor refused to discharge her because she has not yet fully recovered.
He used a certified electrician to wire his home.
The district leader failed to act by their wish.
The agriculture sector contributes to the economic growth of the country.
The commitment was twelve years long.
The stadium was packed to capacity.
He promised to marry her.
They gave discounts to every buyer.
How do I get a job in construction?
People do not have food to eat.
Some students did have enough money to pay for their university tuition.
The guest house was constructed last year.
I want to get insurance coverage for my child.
Two doctors check on that patient every thirty minutes.
More employees were recruited.
People react to events in different ways.
I was attracted to my husband because of his kindness.
Customers can send and receive money directly through their phones.
The economic model of maximizing revenue by maximizing reach is still governed.
They donated food to the needy.
That man has been living off his pension since he retired from teaching five years ago.
Who is the owner of Onduparaka football club?
I used banana leaves to prepare lunch.
The company requires a change in management.
They found a gun in one of the districts.
His father is a pastor.
How did the meal taste?
She has a broken arm.
The government will not release funds for repairing this road.
This election race is between the two prominent families in Kasubi.
The borehole is very far from here.
The wells in the villages should be cleaned and fenced.
My sister released her first song yesterday.
Sometimes, there are riots after the elections to protest the results.
The tests for Human Immune Virus are free of charge in government hospitals.
The infectious disease was too serious.
Parents should provide proper guidance to their children while growing up.
Forgive and love one another.
People are not beneficiaries of government programs.
The university mentors students to have a clear path towards success.
The president made a phone call to the bishop yesterday.
The company is facing a difficult time.
Every region in Uganda has a staple food.
She is in a meeting.
You have to make a choice.
I donated exercise books to some children in my village.
The district education officer doesn't allow teachers to practice multiple borrowing.
Investors consider certain factors before investing.
Have you seen the new school uniform?
The laws are enforced in different districts.
The document disturbed the class system of the National Resistance Movement.
Criminals take advantage of demonstration to steal people's property.
The army wants opposition leaders to be aligned to the ruling party.
The disarmament exercise will become a human rights nightmare.
I cannot access his bank account.
Tourism is one of the fastest-growing sectors in the country.
We went to Mecca last year.
If a dog jumps in your lap, it is because he is fond of you.
How does one know the services and timing?
Access to state media by all legal political parties is guaranteed.
International traders face challenges while operating in foreign countries.
Your father is doing the best he can to make you happy.
I can't do anything at this time.
He hired a professional photographer to take his wedding pictures.
He found the kids playing on the banana plantation.
A recent winner of the Nobel Peace Prize was photographed pensively eyeing model tanks.
Old people cannot actively participate in sports games.
The stealing of newly born babies from hospitals is on the rise these days.
Most people did not turn up for voting in fear of chaos.
He is reading a novel on his phone.
Planting quality seeds boosts farm yields.
My mother was among those who died in the attack last year.
Vegetables are easily grown even on a small piece of land.
The youth and women led the peaceful demonstrations.
Uganda has different religions.
It requires a good wedding planner to have a successful function.
Defilement is also a criminal offence.
The president appointed new security officers in the government agencies.
He will share the meeting minutes with us.
The company has a good image in the public.
The World Health Organization predicts that the investment will save more than seven hundred thousand lives.
He wants to become a journalist.
Students in rural areas face the problem of travelling long journeys
I wash my vegetable salads with warm water.
There are many cases of defilement these days.
She lives in a small house with all her children and grandchildren.
Women should participate in science and technology initiatives.
The ministry of health prohibits massive gatherings.
My father sells fish in the market.
What worries you most?
Parliament officials have been denied access to the International Specialized Hospital.
We have international schools in Uganda.
He works in the bank.
He felt bad for not winning the race.
Let us set up a new committee.
The Internet is the source of knowledge lately.
The Mineral Development Beneficiation Center will be one of its kind in Ntungamo District
Cutting down trees on a large scale is very dangerous.
They used funds for road construction.
He is one of the most important people in attendance.
Skills equip one with the ability to be employed or self-employed.
She died in a car accident that occurred this morning.
Rwanda accuses Uganda and Burundi of harboring armed rebel militias.
Why do some livestock farmers dehorn their cattle?
The men running things seem aware of the challenges ahead.
Those two organizations held a conference to discuss how they can work together.
The coach asked the team to follow the rules of the game.
It is clear that this job will not be sustainable.
She was involved in a car accident last Christmas.
They have been called upon to fight the proposed law.
He believes that he will get the money next month.
The infected people are being treated.
It is not very easy is to meet with the president.
Festive seasons are always moments for families to meet up.
Happiness is a choice.
People in urban areas have been heavily affected by the pandemic.
The telecom firms charge one another for cross-network calls.
How many Members of Parliament are in the eleventh parliament?
I bought my son a storybook.
He stole the votes.
Uganda was adjusting to the developments.
The historicals will be remembered for their contributions towards the country.
Children from different parts of the country participated.
Some of the important practices in agriculture: spacing, weeding, pest and disease control.
Employers should mind about the health of their employees.
Students in primary schools are not performing very well.
He joined the company of bad people.
All civil servants are supposed to be well qualified in their fields of work.
Some people steal because they do not have money to meet their basic needs.
She complained that her brother receives more attention and gifts from their parents.
The rebels overthrew the government two weeks ago.
At what time do you wake up?
He comes from Moyo district.
I was very disappointed by her behavior.
Campaigns are sometimes chaotic.
Famine hit northern Uganda after the locust invasion.
The reporter has the records.
My children shall have to attend the best schools in Uganda.
The football match was postponed because of the heavy rain.
What is the relationship between the University and the community?
The news reporter was beaten up by the police.
The district commissioned the construction of two main roads in Moyo district.
The company registered some coronavirus disease cases.
What is the cost of holding a press conference?
The consortium comprises sixteen telecom operators.
Lecturers have put down their tools until their salary is increased.
Students danced and sang for our guests.
Viral diseases are a risk to the community.
The factory is on a large piece of land.
How big is a standard football pitch?
Communities need to be educated about nutrition.
Police shot a student during the teachers' strike.
Uganda revenue authority keeps a record of all vehicles in the country.
We have worked together with my employees.
It is the role of government to keep its citizens secure.
Have you thought of registering your business?
Laws are implemented for the good of the public.
Banks take people's property by force especially on failure to clear the loan.
Sports betting is the focus of illegal activities such as match-fixing.
Only Kenya boasts more air firepower.
It doesn't require a lot of capital to begin beekeeping.
A basketball team has five players.
Why did Britain break away from the European Union?
Most youths love music.
The landlord has given her three days to leave the house.
She was allegedly left unattended to by the nurse for over four hours.
He was a delegate of the one thousand nine hundred ninety-four Constituent.
The government has donated iron sheets to the affected people.
There are increasing cases of early pregnancies in the district.
Churches need regular donations to run their activities
Skilling youths help them create their own jobs.
Uganda is one of the hospitable countries in Africa.
Are there any vacant rooms in this hotel?
The team that he supports lost the game.
Do you eat fish?
The scheduled meeting was illegal.
The concert has attracted many international artists.
High taxes lead to increased prices.
Her grandmother is mentally ill.
The health status in the area is not good.
I took a picture with my parents at my graduation ceremony.
The area is limited to only two radio stations.
That company is spending a lot of money on electricity.
Lacor hospital in Gulu did a commendable job in treating Ebola patients.
Children love to have cakes on their birthdays.
The team is from Uganda Tourism Board has just completed a three-day expo.
Land can be sold in exchange for money.
Headteachers are approved only if they are degree holders.
She said her opponent is a very tough competitor.
Students were advised to stay away from drugs and alcohol.
Someone left the door open.
Business partners from outside make good quality products.
Respect other people's decisions.
The choir presented many songs at the concert.
Educational seminars help learners to pass well.
My daughter likes to play with dolls.
The locals killed their king because he was oppressing them.
The goat has given birth to three kids.
The price of beer is cheaper than any local raw material here.
We were asked to go back to court on Monday.
He was recognized as an outstanding performer.
The medical department should test all contacts of coronavirus patients.
Arua district lacks finances to prevent the spread of the Ebola virus.
The students shared their holiday experiences on the first day of the new term.
The district lacks finances to enhance service provision.
I used to enjoy watching Nigerian movies.
The suspects include six Uganda People's Defense Force soldiers and three civilians.
She opened up another poultry shop in the neighboring country.
All people should be treated equally despite their gender.
The two girls noticed a bond between them immediately.
Uganda has a good relationship with its neighbouring countries.
Footballers use their legs to kick the ball.
The behavior of the assassin sounds extremely unskillful.
She asked me to help her nurse her wounds.
The government makes money by exporting crude oil to other countries.
Assembling a product in Uganda means it wasn't made in Uganda
He pointed out that for Uganda and Africa to get out of poverty.
He ventured into fishery because it is profitable.
There is a high risk in the spread of infectious diseases.
We have a new goalkeeper.
You should stop smoking cigarettes in public places.
A certain team was suspended from the national league for bribing a referee.
The meeting ended after the speaker declared that he was sick.
Youth leaders must strive to develop fellow youths.
They should also be advised about the most marketable crops in the local market.
Winter is associated with snow.
Disability is not inability.
Her voice was low.
She does not know administration and law.
The president should grant Arua a city status.
We need building materials.
The huge majority of the affected people are kids.
These women have protested their innocence and argued for their retrial.
International contributions are welcome.
Reach out to them despite all the roadblocks.
One thought that my decision to leave at that time was not wise.
Why should anyone seek cheap popularity?
The funds allocated are not enough to complete the maintenance of the road.
My mother went to the bank to withdraw money yesterday.
Education has caused a great impact on society.
He was not aware the party was holding primaries to choose flag bearers.
The auditor general will inspect the products distributed to ensure its quality product
The electoral commission chairman Justice Simon Byabakama asserted that there were sixteen million voters.
That man was arrested for stealing a chicken.
Authorities should solve land wrangles to prevent violence
Informal education such as carpentry is good for creating jobs
My brother was arrested on Sunday.
Many stolen cars were rescued by police last year.
Someone is knocking at the door.
What do children enjoy about playing on the swings?
How can patients complaints be reduced?
The motorcycle was stolen when he was deep asleep.
She sells bananas in the trading center.
He sent representatives to the meeting because he was busy.
Employers like to hire competent workers.
All people in society have an opinion about what is happening.
It is important to sensitize the community against conflicts.
The hosting communities for refugees in Uganda are very friendly.
The public needs to be educated about hepatitis.
This was during a period of intense jostling to topple.
She was rewarded for her outstanding contribution to the school academic performance.
This room has only one exit.
Government has pledged to supply water in that new district.
Modern meritocratic states grow inside the womb of patrimonial ones
Joshua Cheptegei is the current ten-kilometer world champion.
People can easily buy and sell goods at the border.
During the introduction ceremonies, it is important to have good songs.
Road safety campaigns are aimed at reducing road accidents
He was fired from the police with immediate effect.
He did everything possible to win in his parish.
Our neighbors bought insecticide to spray the swarm of bees.
Female locusts lay many eggs at a time.
His family is so poor.
Those are his brothers.
The power of state privileges can make such disagreements worse.
It has been witnessed through several events.
People go to nearby parishes if they want to change the polling station.
Some were held at roadblocks until nomination was over.
Learning encourages open and sincere communication.
A few of these sportsmen are able to display exceptional football skills
Some locals suggested that the police arrest him for the robbery.
He is known as a city tycoon.
Good leadership impacts people's lives.
The government should increase the income allocated towards road construction.
The vice president represented the president at the ceremony.
The trigger appears to have been a decision in October.
The district has got funds from different organizations to improve health facilities.
The public has been cautioned against taking the directives lightly.
Many legislators attended his burial to respect his last wish.
Everything is now going to be fine
Many people lost their jobs because of the pandemic.
Be mindful of other people's lives.
The hospital can not accommodate very many patients.
She has refused to help her colleagues with the new project.
Do we condemn the police brutality?
This allows small misunderstandings to snowball into a much bigger crisis.
What job does your husband do?
The meeting is only for support staff.
At least two hundred people have been left homeless after fire destroyed their homes.
What is found in the aid kits?
Every day there are cases of domestic violence reported at police.
Who appoints the Inspector General of Government?
People caught with stolen items will be charged in the courts of law.
Every patient's details are confidential.
Clan leaders take advantage of women even when the men are wrong.
They continued investigating the matter.
The price of petrol is rising.
The district task force didn't have enough funds to train all health workers.
Frontline health workers have joined the number of individuals who have contracted coronavirus.
Government has carried out a survey to find out the challenges faced by refugees.
Kampala capital city authority was motivated to win the game.
When a mango tree reaches maturity, it produces mangoes.
They are also easy to set up in about ninety minutes.
Corruption is an obstacle to the development of a modern state
Initial reports said that the attackers retreated in Rwanda.
Viral infections exist among us.
I hope you keep entertaining our President.
Otunnu says the opposition should insist on a free and fair election.
It is a common trend for criminals to deny offenses charged on them.
The army had the objective of capturing power.
Users can communicate and share greetings and information via text messages.
The shortcut to town was blocked yesterday.
The old man wants the government to compensate him for the land it took.
When the ice melts, it becomes water.
He puts his dirty clothes in the basket.
He loaded the jerry cans onto his bicycle.
People go to hospitals for health assistance.
We thought maybe the body will give them enough answers.
Opportunities should be given only to those people who are interested in them.
Most traditional musical instruments are made from tree stems and animal skins.
Pupils who passed the primary seven Uganda National Examinations are eligible to join secondary school.
There are many unmarked graves in that area.
The court trial is expected to continue for three months.
Engaging in difficult cases requires hard negotiations.
She found a stream to play in, and some trees to climb.
We do not know when the court session will be held.
More people are contracting the virus within the area.
Even the smallest donation puts a smile on someone's face.
Under his term, Uganda Human Rights Commission received an award.
Elections initiate leaders into positions of power.
What makes you different from others?
My parents agreed to contribute to my trip.
A suspect has been charged in the Monday evening shooting.
Changing your name without an oath can lead to inconsistencies in your documents.
Free and fair elections promote the political stability of a country.
Do not hang around people with bad behaviors.
People can now shop online using the internet.
This book was published recently.
The cattle do not belong to him.
The farmers can now access most services of the bank on their phones.
Media is a trusted source of information.
The other football teams complained that they don´t receive any support from the government.
Pit latrines should be properly maintained and located.
The central region won the football match.
The new Federation of Uganda Football Associations appointed a new president.
The land to be occupied was already demarcated.
Refugees across the country have greatly felt the effects of the lockdown.
She changed her name when she got married.
The government has provided people with food to eliminate the cases of malnutrition.
We have an emergency meeting today.
Border districts are being developed.
That would not happen with a free and fair election.
Opposition leaders should be united.
Teenage pregnancy is usually between the age of thirteen to nineteen.
A report on the presidential elections was released.
The hospital needs more doctors.
We shall have the leaders' meeting tomorrow.
January is the first month of the year.
What causes some students to perform poorly in schools?
He is afraid of going to the police station.
Any slight deviation towards ethnicity and you are disqualified.
We collected the fallen mangoes from the ground.
The director ordered the supervisor to make a budget for the field trip.
He carried the food over his shoulder.
You won't lose your son.
Violence is an immoral act.
What is your dream?
He managed to score three goals during the match.
Mazda three was the women's world car award in two thousand nineteen.
The pair of shoes she bought yesterday was already torn.
After declaring her the winner, she threw a victory party right away.
Equipment, as well as the technological levels, were quite good.
He was unhappy because his football team lost the match.
Ebola brings about high fever, bleeding through the ears, nose and mouth.
The auditor general's report has very many queries.
Alcohol consumption leads to a high rate of domestic violence.
He hit the snake with a big stick and killed it.
In fact, the latter painting acquires its timeless revered identity.
Watching the match from your home gives you the freedom to do anything.
Churches should run tree-planting campaigns to preserve the environment
We should buy locally made products to help build our local economy
The people were unable to transport food because the bridge collapsed.
The former quarantine centers are no longer in place.
The bullet hit him in the chest.
Parliament sits only two days in the week.
What makes one be considered a professional?
Sam Emorut Erongot will serve for thirteen years.
Do you read newspapers?
How do the banks show support to the local businesses?
The judges allocated two sentences for their justification.
Water shortage often results in poor sanitation.
That organization is paying school fees for ten orphans.
She referred to him as a Mister because she did not know his name.
Why did you send the secretary away?
Businesses successfully grow in a secure environment.
Stop wasting time explaining yourself to others.
The current generation prepares and sets the pace for the forthcoming generations.
The government built a permanent house for the resident who offered his land.
Express football club promises to perform well.
Thirty-four per cent of the children have stunted growth.
Political leaders will grace the occasion.
Some of the stories he told us were true.
Police officers need to begin to see police misconduct as detrimental, rather than beneficial.
The fisherman was rescued by the police.
He taught from one thousand nine hundred eighty-two to one thousand eighty-four.
Our school has both the primary and secondary sections.
I was caught in traffic this morning.
The diamond earrings were worth the cost.
Burundi's Ministry of Defense published reports on the attack that killed eight Burundian soldiers.
He thinks that the rocks are one thousand years old.
They played three football matches in one week.
Health workers have not been appreciated for their efforts.
The firefighters' team tried their best to save some items.
The Bishop was grateful to the event organisers.
Coronavirus has killed four members of parliament.
She lost her job during the pandemic because the company had to downsize.
We need more veterinary doctors in Uganda.
They protested because of delayed payments.
His car was stolen.
Parties rarely reconcile after settling these cases.
They did not register everyone.
He was escorted by his friends.
Historicals need a special day from the government to celebrate their return from exile.
Refugees get involved in animal grazing and cross-border farming.
The legislator's trial is scheduled for next week.
How much do you earn as a journalist?
Bemanya had also blocked Anite's side from conducting an audit into the company's affairs
Everyone should acquire a national identity card.
The politician was unopposed.
We arrived when the bride and groom had finished exchanging the vows.
How many media houses do we have in Uganda?
Last month, I needed passion fruit information.
The mayor died of tuberculosis.
Why is it important to have a sustainable income?
The Joint Anti-Terrorist Task Force car was never recovered.
This book was written a year ago.
The project will start as soon as possible.
The football federation picks talented players from all corners of the country.
The ministry of local government should solve conflicts between Moyo and Obongi.
Every member of a team is important.
People are at risk of contracting the virus.
Campaigns should be run to advocate for crop growing and protection.
Various issues were addressed by the speaker during the meeting.
By Friday, all the bills will be paid.
Why do you pretend as if you care?
The leaves dry and fall off the trees during the dry season.
She is being accused of stealing money from the company.
Youths do not use protection when they engage in sex.
The village was attacked by rebels yesterday.
More emergency health centres have been put up.
The mob was very violent.
Many people have resorted to farming.
Does our culture define who we are?
He invited us for tea at his house.
In Singapore, all forms of online betting are illegal unless exemptions are granted.
The conference was scheduled to take place for one week only.
He wants to join the soccer team.
The reverend officially resigned from his ministry this year.
Some people stole our cow in the night.
Several police officers said they were scared to speak out for fear of repercussions.
She borrowed money to pay her husband's hospital bills.
They asked the people to calm down.
Students are worried about the future.
People have been left homeless.
People fear mass gatherings because of coronavirus.
We have to fight against corruption in Uganda.
The prevalence of coronavirus has changed people's ways of living.
What should be done to ensure a stable and reliable power supply in Uganda?
Elections must be postponed to make better arrangements.
The patient got medical treatment from the referral hospital.
He also preached against gender-based violence in the community.
The opposition has to learn to take the little advantages offered by these donors.
He embraced all his battles, including his last illness with patience.
The restaurant has many pending food orders due to lack of enough workers.
Her entire family is talented in music.
My father resigned from his job last week.
Most international footballers have very many fans.
That was moments after the registrar read out the outcome.
I have just seen the best bridal dresses in Kampala at a certain shop.
The police arrested several people last night.
There was a disagreement among the legislators.
She is very sober.
Plans can be implemented.
The businessman was sacrificing people for wealth.
There are many refugees from the Democratic Republic of Congo and South Sudan.
We hardly see our father nowadays because he is busy with his campaigns.
Chinese arms are picking up because they are easy to operate, effective, and cheap.
I found very many missed phone calls from my mother.
Conflict resolution reinforces unity.
The rare art will capture the imagination of diverse audiences across the world.
Some transformers need to be serviced.
His arrest was unfair.
That behavior is unacceptable in society.
Some cows do not produce milk.
The electrician successfully climbed the electric pole.
What were the terms of the agreement?
Your mother will be fine soon.
The push intensified after the killing of Ibrahim Abiriga.
Egypt's Economic Courts are often staffed by three judges.
My uncle removed his first son from the will because of his bad behavior.
The ruling party is still dominant.
He has sent me pictures of the new laptop.
Kisoro is a mountainous area.
We harvested ten bags of maize from our farm last season.
Penalty tickets are issued to those that have disobeyed traffic regulations.
I think suffering will never end in this world.
A good teacher makes learning interesting to students.
Radios and televisions are a means of communication.
He has a meeting with the manager to discuss his future with the company.
Under what circumstances can a hospital refer a patient to another hospital?
I need three million Uganda shillings to join that school.
The rainbow has eight colors.
We have to wait for the truck to arrive with the firewood.
Every village should have a tractor that can be used by farmers.
The deceased was thirty four years old.
They spent three hours cleaning their house.
My uncle lost his job, this has created a financial setback in his family.
The work was not checked by the teacher.
How much is an accounting course at the university?
But from that time, I knew we were in for a difficult time.
The country registered three Ebola cases in Kasese.
I was part of the school rugby team while in high school.
We acquire information on how to store our produce from radio broadcasts.
The president has over 100 presidential advisors
We almost have nothing, and they want to take it from us.
Check the windshield washer system too.
It seems girl child education is usually taken for granted.
The silver jubilee will be celebrated next year.
There are so many newly ordained priests.
She put water into the bucket and went to bathe.
Why would people mistreat others?
The government is going to start checking the quality of food sold to people.
That basketball team is owned by the vice president.
He speaks more than twenty languages.
The German company virginal care sells artificial hymens.
The district leaders taught the farmers their rights and what to follow.
There is a body that regulates and controls engineering practices in Uganda.
Traditionally men are superior to women.
This evidence will push our investigations forward.
Research shows that children learn very fast when taught in their mother language.
The traders hate being taxed.
Antonio Guterres is the Sustainable Development Goals Advocate for the United Nations Secretary-General.
Thieves shouldn't be let out of prison.
Whoever is found guilty will be punished.
Cutting down trees destroys wild animals' habitats.
The thief thanked all the villagers for forgiving him.
We bring you the life story of the head of the army.
There are many languages spoken in Uganda.
Many Ugandans carry practice agriculture.
Why teenage pregnancy is a problem?
The pictures of those people who received the Covid-19 fund need to be released.
He was tried in court today.
She shared with us her journey to success.
There are huge drinking water tanks on all four corners.
This is the busiest market in Uganda.
The water has flooded the bedroom and the sitting room.
The doctor said they are still investigating the cause of the disease.
Most people drink a lot of alcohol when they feel stressed.
They were required to gather very many signatures for the petition to be approved.
Priests should be respectful.
Government intervention in agriculture can be through farmer cooperatives.
There was a debate about the introduction of taxes on internet usage in parliament.
This is the first swimming competition in this country from the time the lockdown was lifted.
How do I open up a bank account?
He is worried because things are not going well at his shop.
What was written on the piece of paper?
The surveillance systems avoid unnecessary deaths.
There should be security measures on the storage and usage of data.
She is the odd man out in the group.
Ugandans are peaceful and loving people.
Leaders change leadership positions over time.
The prolonged drought led to scarcity of food in the country.
Ugandans need to feel safe in their countries.
The celebration of twenty years is marked on the calendar.
I used my savings to buy a plot of land.
The dancers are so stiff.
The team is looking forward to the next season.
How many people have registered for the training?
Uganda joined other nations in marketing itself as a preferred destination for the expo.
There were very many people involved in the deal.
Farmers acquired knowledge about good and bad soils.
Our school bus was involved in an accident.
He wrote a report about the child's efforts to better his life.
The organization is promoting digital learning in Uganda.
He has worked at that factory for over ten years.
Where are military weapons procured from?
Commercial agriculture is one way of alleviating people from poverty.
The doctors showed us how to properly wear face masks for full protection against coronavirus.
Do you know how important it is to play with your children?
He is a former student of Makerere University.
We shall have the English test five days from now.
I think in three months, my business will be established.
The guest of honor arrived late for the celebrations.
Most of the businesses in the informal sector do not pay taxes.
She said patient information is confidential.
Leaders should show a good example to their subjects.
My aunt sells maize along the roadside.
He will be buried tomorrow.
What is the source of this information?
What is the importance of a tail on animals?
Some people still work from home because of coronavirus.
You surely can't sleep when you have problems to solve.
How can we stop domestic violence in homes?
With this knowledge, we can craft a political model.
I don't like to pay rent.
It protested the murder of its two citizens.
Land disputes and grabbing are experienced more in the central part of the country.
Unqualified medical officers should not manage health-related issues.
How many rooms are in that house?
Fruits are a source of vitamins.
During the coronavirus outbreak, people began making masks out of clothes.
Is a warning a threat or?
She was remembered as a good leader.
Media Council of Kenya is in participation with the Food and Agriculture Organization.
The deal was not successful.
He said that the girl wasn’t his type.
Why are some districts not ready for city status?
You have a nice handwriting.
Uganda celebrates its independence on the ninth of October every year.
He intends to advocate for an increase in the equalisation grants.
The government plans to increase science teachers' salaries.
Her husband badly beat her for abusing him in public.
He accepted to stop working.
She is contesting for the post of district chairperson.
People from the Northern part of Uganda are good athletes.
Women were urged to believe in themselves.
They did not respond to the allegations.
Transparency is very important in a relationship.
She will provide the details.
Students need a break of five minutes every after a lesson.
Nigeria lost four to one to Uganda in the African national championship.
Business people are often assassinated due to business wrangles
Where do you come from?
The blame game never solves anything.
The dead should be buried safely.
He has to pay for the damages he put on my car.
Braking consumes more fuel than driving at a constant speed.
The government created a new district from an already existing one.
The new government looks at resettling the displaced people.
He has built a house for his parents.
I went back to the Guest House where I was staying.
The organization was thanked for educating peasants.
People will get the income and improve their standards of living.
This shows that they are not aware of the hatred and pain.
Under what conditions can a contract be terminated?
I have taken long without taking mango juice.
The church plans to put up a new building.
He was not allowed to move out of the country.
There will be a mass vaccination campaign in Uganda.
I will be visiting you next week.
Most of the public hospitals in Uganda lack adequate medical equipment.
The market has to be expanded.
Driving attributes have been enhanced to make acceleration, turning, and braking completely natural.
There has been an increase in the number of fire outbreaks in the country.
You have a smooth skin.
The area is prone to landslides.
But will that work given that even the road transport is not any safer?
South Sudan later joined as well.
Leaders are fond of wanting to cling into power for long.
The government provided the solar system as an alternative energy source.
Election results should always be transparent.
People sell goods to get money.
Some of the roads in this country are in a bad condition.
Business owners have several financial obligations to be fulfilled daily.
Drug abuse and addiction affect the community.
The president promoted five hundred army officers.
Do you know his real name?
The city authority officers have confiscated the street vendor's properties today.
He wants to leave his current house because it is in bad shape.
The chairman asserted that the law does not allow electronic registration.
Foods rich in vitamins help improve our body immunity.
You can use any kind of soap to wash your hands.
Most coronavirus patients are from the community.
The medicines have been destroyed by fire.
She wore a sweater because it was cold outside.
Aunt came from Kampala district.
I rarely fall sick.
Parliamentary seats would be allocated.
Leaders are elected to serve the people.
Farmers are advised to grow crop varieties with high demand.
Have you compiled the list that the teacher asked for?
She feels guilty for betraying her sister.
He said his school has over one thousand learners.
People were running away from tear gas.
World's largest measles epidemic has killed five thousand.
He had never fallen sick.
Life changed with the new treatment.
Overfishing causes pressure on lakes.
Two hundred forty-seven million people were infected with malaria.
Everyone uses their hoe in the garden.
Some doves were resting on the tree branch.
Abortion is illegal in Uganda.
My neck is paining.
She thanked the firefighters who saved her life.
That bank has over fifty branches across the country.
Describe the importance of the church in the community.
I saw her moving alone during the night.
She had a hard time moving her car from Mombasa to Uganda.
Some of the older students at school like bullying the younger ones.
He was hopeful that the people of Arua would attain socio-economic transformation.
It is important to study about the environment.
When we were young, our parents used to make decisions on our behalf.
They ensured that the new government gets no foreign assistance.
He uses his hand bike as a means of transport.
The locals have to walk long distances in search of clean water.
A good education leads to a bright future for students.
Many people have benefited from their savings.
She opened the door and let him in.
Police firefighters' teams have several water collection points across the city.
Legislators are seen as rich and generous in rural communities.
I want to buy a faster car.
Karamoja region is sparsely populated.
He did not go to school today.
The land was given to investors without proper authorization.
Include my name on the payment list.
He murdered his wife.
Dinners are usually evening events.
She lives a luxurious life.
Through the training, farmers got to know their rights.
The Great Lakes Region is a neat pile of dry grass waiting for a single match stick to set it on fire.
The country will never forget the cup finals four years ago.
I can’t trust him anymore.
The residents want the electricity to be extended to them.
The committee prepared different categories of awards to be won that day.
He said that his father inspired him to join athletics.
Police investigations usually take a long time before being reported.
Who are the vulnerable people in the community?
Civil servants have a union that puts them together.
This says a lot about the fairness we expect from the officers.
The driver lost control of the bus because he was driving while drunk.
Are you sure about selling this house?
People are still hopeful.
Some of the residents were found guilty.
The regional teams had a friendly match.
It is not true that the attacks were made by people who came from Rwanda.
Something should be done to stop schools from cheating in examinations.
Do not cut down those trees.
There is not enough space to accommodate patients.
Eggs have no market this time around
How do you help people in your community?
If the party has financiers, why does it have an annual budget?
My neighbour's roof was damaged by the heavy rains.
Poor dumping of garbage causes damage to the environment.
He promised to do anything so that his children can have a good life.
The heavy rains are a sign of climate change in the country.
The process will take some good time.
Some districts in the north still have disease infection rates.
What does it take to get to the level of an Archbishop?
The facility will stop all its operations.
The public should not panic in the face of these terrorist attacks.
Let us avoid illegal ways of doing things.
The target has not yet been met.
Investors shouldn't depend on politicians to get for the land.
Victims of the road are at a high risk of losing too much blood.
My brother has done a lot for our family.
My children get enough rest during the weekend.
I will visit the dentist next week.
People have thanked God and to God be the glory.
Fake seeds lead to low productivity thus keeping farmers in poverty.
No journalist is allowed to report on the case.
The family rejoiced when their son was released from prison.
Countries are still trying to recover from the effects of coronavirus.
Former members of Cabinet are in the race to become members of parliament.
Living in self-denial is not good.
Am having a game this afternoon.
His compound has many flowers that make it look bushy.
They are planning a strike.
Most of the employees decided to resign from the radio station.
The storybook has a sad ending.
She hasn't been to the field in three years.
William Pike received the award from Abaas Mpindi at the Media Challenge Awards.
Health workers should have their salaries increased.
He has experienced his fair share of direct scares and threats.
One area is the ever-growing community of sports betting in Africa.
Smartphones are also affecting other facets of young people's lives.
Resistance comes in when you interrupt the flow of spraying.
The priest led the prayers during the burial ceremony.
What are some of the materials required for electronic learning?
Legislators find it hard to save as they're always financially assisting constituents
Trees protect the soil from running water which could wash it away.
The police should protect people and their property.
The police fired bullets in the air to disperse the crowds.
Some of the invited guests did not turn up at the function.
People are frightened because of the yellow fever outbreak in the area.
Health facilities in the remotest of regions are well-stocked with medicines.
There will be having meetings with all the students.
Our parents warned our sister against postponing her wedding twice.
In some villages, criminal cases are settled by the elders.
Physical features attract tourists.
She said that she wanted to be alone.
We are encouraged to donate blood to save other people's lives.
I donated blood for my sister because we have the same blood group.
Schools should teach vocational skills to their students to fight unemployment
That team has the highest number of points in the international football league.
They shot someone dead.
Drought in Arua district brought about the scarcity of water in the area.
She asked people to donate some money for her treatment.
The patient developed severe neck pain.
His friend comes from Zambia.
How can a good reputation be restored?
The district has improved on the supply of water in the area.
There is not enough accomodation for teachers at the schools.
There is a delay in releasing results for the samples that were tested.
Most of the farmers in that area grow beans.
The district lacks funds to maintain road equipment.
We managed to solve our family disputes.
My friend got her work appointment letter today.
He is pretending to be concerned.
Everyone is responsible for their actions.
Be honest and transparent, please.
The deputy should take charge if the speaker has not recovered.
Stunted growth of the bananas is a result of weeds in the garden.
They resorted to using solar energy.
He has asked them to use all platforms.
Which team won the champions league last year?
How can leaders manage the coronavirus situation?
There are quite many investment opportunities in the private sector.
People will be arrested for disrespecting the presidential directives.
The residents are worried that the cracks in the soil are a sign of an oncoming landslide.
Child labor has increased within the country.
It rained so heavily that the roof flew off our house.
I cannot betray my country.
Our volleyball team was expelled from the competition for bribing referees.
Umbrellas are useful on a rainy day.
Nothing can stop me from eating what I want.
During her days as the Inspectorate of Government, many women were employed in the office.
Her presence did not make any difference.
Most police officers stay in the barracks.
Your husband is cheating on you.
Their partnership has formed the coronation cup.
The junction has routes leading to different directions.
She had a challenge of solving mathematical problems.
The police should arrest all people encroaching on wetlands.
My husband played his guitar on our first date.
People with this viral disease live longer nowadays.
Farmers recorded low yields in the last planting season.
The selections are based on merit rather than political bond.
We need to be united in christ so we can live holy lives
When will the Commonwealth games be held?
People no longer rely on traditional gatekeepers to make their voices heard.
The global event takes place annually in Barcelona, Spain.
His wife has not seen him for seven days now.
Uganda is willing to do what it takes to end this unfortunate situation.
People use small amounts of water to sustain their lives.
It makes the streets feel safer and more secure, especially for women.
The government should work effectively to solve people's problems.
Information is further studied at higher institutions of learning.
Uganda got its independence from the British fifty eight years ago.
The community requested for reduced electricity bills.
People should desist from abortions.
The community should fight against the use of illegal guns.
He wiped his hands on the sides of his trousers.
Why were airports closed during the pandemic?
I have invested a bit in tree planting.
Farmers should consult experts about any challenges in agriculture.
There are many tourist attractions in our district.
Maize leaf rust causes the tip of a leaf to dry.
The government puts in huge amounts of money in social services annually.
The mob was very disorderly.
He has a small button phone.
The elections will be held on Friday.
The leader was buried with great honor.
The heavy rains have destroyed her crops.
The vehicle was stolen from him.
Things have changed over time.
My father is a professor of law.
More security guards were employed to improve security.
That class has the highest number of students passing with excellent results this year.
Our region has one ambulance which can't cater for all the emergencies.
He picks his children from school every weekend.
When he gets good grades, the headteacher is highly praised for his efforts.
Developed countries have heavily invested in technology.
We had a better increase in income per capita
It is convened by His Highness Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed.
His life is inspirational.
It is very painful to lose a loved one.
Use the door on your left-hand side.
It is the ruling party in Uganda
Corruption helps politicians build constituencies of support by accumulating quick wealth.
What benefit is the disciplinary court to the police?
The traffic police should impose penalties against careless road drivers.
Using Mbarara bypass highway to get on the fast track to park and lodges.
He told people his family background.
We will have a netball game this weekend.
Is there a garage here?
Whenever I feel hungry, I eat.
He left the meeting in total anger.
The jury voted to base on the criteria women use when purchasing a car.
His songs have inspirational messages for young people.
Victims of violence need assistance through counselling sessions.
Which room have you booked?
Being the loudest and articulate section of society.
Running away from your problems is a sign of cowardice.
The program is going to run an awareness campaign in the ceremony.
Gender equality is important to achieve a peaceful society.
My sister was born deaf.
This mess has been created by a highly centralized system.
The president appointed a new chief justice.
She has kept a high profile during her first year as a school director.
They were advised on how best to run their business profitably.
They are also educating parents on how to care for their children's eyes.
Women are advised to give birth in hospitals.
Corrupt politicians remain popular because they share their "loot" with their co-ethnics
He took the corona test but was found negative.
The Resident District Commissioners are from different regions.
The people will be able to start up and engage in business.
How many people have died of Ebola?
The system will help the planners to execute and supervise activities.
Can Bemanya's removal save or ruin the company?
The president of Uganda restricted movement into and across districts to curb the spread of the virus.
Some rebels wanted to overthrow the government.
What do you do for a living?
People are already excited about today.
I am into the money lending business.
He missed the flight.
Boxers use a lot of energy.
Ministry of Agriculture helps farmers in different ways.
How many people have died of coronavirus in the world?
He has aspired to that post several times.
Firefighters are investigating the cause of the fire that burnt down the building.
The judges are considered specialists in the case.
There is an increase in the number of people flocking in the capital city.
Presidents solve national problems.
He will contest for the post of member of parliament in the upcoming elections.
She defended her religious beliefs.
I will return the book tomorrow.
Flooding caused the mine to collapse.
He shifted his focus away from the football game to his job.
I had a chance to watch a live game with my nine-month son for free.
Most of the famous big people in the political party will not be contesting.
Their performance surprised me.
Many students failed the English exam.
The family pays compensation if the bride fails the test.
This football team is one of the best this season.
Nursery schools allow children to play with their peers and build their confidence.
We need honest representatives.
Many banks have been opened up in Uganda.
He spends most of his time drinking alcohol.
There will be a meeting for all district officials on Friday.
They decided to invest in tree planting.
There are few people near the frozen circle but millions and millions of mosquitoes.
People were advised to carry their identity cards to the workshop.
Everyone is waiting for the court ruling.
Street lights allow traders to operate for longer hours.
You have never met me either.
The organization is helping its members to improve their rural livelihood.
Government officials were arrested for diversion of funds.
My mother felt uncomfortable sitting in the plastic chair.
I don’t have any money left on me.
She told the investigators that they were incompetent.
Queen Elizabeth national park is the largest game park in Uganda.
Hospitals need to be well equipped with the necessary medical facilities.
The Brigadier attributed to better diplomatic relations.
The government has sensitized the public on coronavirus through advertisements.
Information is very important.
The district needs to carry out road reconstruction.
They are thinking about  us
Intolerance had developed.
The money was allocated at the right time.
The new technology will improve communication among government agencies.
Most referral hospitals are government hospitals.
What punishment is given to people who are non-tax compliant?
Children do not pay school fees when they are given money.
He is a criminal.
The prison force has joined hands with the community to search for escaped prisoners.
The old boys and girls of the school participate in some of the school projects.
Land used for growing eucalyptus trees can be used for growing food crops.
He also offered his services as vice-chairperson of Kyambogo University Council.
She has set up her restaurant in a good place.
That district has no official headquarters.
She is very disappointed that she did not get the promotion at work.
He requested everyone to renew their lives this year.
The thieves fled on hearing the police sirens.
The house is filled with darkness.
We promise not to disappoint our quality-loving consumers.
Some women experience joint pain during pregnancy.
There was no clear reason for this.
The project will ensure effectiveness in service provision.
What should the Ministry of Education and Sports do to promote athletics in Uganda?
He was criticized for his bad address during the campaign.
A city building caught fire last night.
The security team checked the policeman's health status.
The government should come out to sort out the confusion.
How long has the diocese been in existence in Uganda?
It is against the law to breach the terms of a contract.
The floods in Kasese district destroyed the nearby villages.
It's healthier to put on new clothes than second-hand clothes.
I want to start a business after working for five years.
The long period of war greatly damaged the northern part of the country.
Cultural leaders shouldn't promote division in their communities
Her speech was so lengthy and boring.
We have choir practice at four o'clock tomorrow.
What do we do now?
What is your greatest achievement in life?
My football team has reached the semifinals.
When communicating with others, we often focus on what we should say.
He has been part of the government leadership seeking investors investment in Uganda Telecom
Kaggwa answered questions on Uganda's deteriorating human rights record.
We need to work on deadlines.
There has been a lot of pressure applied to immigrants.
My brother is the most followed football player on social media.
The opposition strategy was to weaken the elections through low voter turnout.
Many hotels in Arua hosted parties on the same day.
He was a member of the Makerere University Council.
My extended family usually gets together during the Christmas holidays.
The truck drivers were told to avoid over speeding.
He was known for his Cancellation of the Heads of States summit.
We were advised to return home after voting.
How do I set a reminder on my phone?
As a result of the pandemic, people have resorted to scientific weddings.
They will begin commercial sugar cane growing next year.
The three children died of food poisoning.
The police is looking for the murderers.
Some people take medicine without  medical check up.
This is what is happening now.
It hurts to see him struggle this way.
They are like family to me.
The headmaster has four children.
The lawyers body planned to sue the Uganda electoral commission.
Jesus Christ died on the cross and resurrected after three days.
He was clear about his objectives when he joined the National Resistance Movement.
The lady is a staunch national resistance movement supporter.
Parents reported the case to the offices of the Uganda people's defence forces.
Farmers need information on companies that have good seedlings for tomatoes.
Most of these instances were provocation with patience
The Confederation of African football has terminated its contract with Lagardere.
A court is a place for serving justice.
The students wanted to know who had ordered them to stay in their dormitories.
Our team did not qualify for the champions league.
How much is the land registration process?
Most politicians use the personal income to meet their constituents financial needs
The army training was completed.
Delegates from other countries are always welcome.
Five million new voters seem unrealistic.
The festival is usually held in one of the countries every year.
They were arrested for having a football match.
She borrowed money from the bank to finance her wedding.
There are few engineers across the country.
I shall travel to the village next week.
They failed to agree upon what to do .
I suggest you get rid of all gadgets when it's sleeping time.
The pending court cases are too many.
There was a general assembly today.
The district does not have enough money to support all the flood victims.
That football team has a chance to make it to the national finals.
Kojan and his colleagues at Alima visited hospitals in France and the United Kingdom.
She is interested in standing for district chairperson.
I am going to watch the news.
The defendant requested an interpreter before he could say anything in court.
The water is not fit for domestic use.
Constructing good roads in the country eases the movement of tourists around the country.
The voting results were forged.
He described himself as a fun-loving man.
Fewer girls can complete school compared to boys.
The price of sugar has increased to four thousand Ugandan shillings.
I bought this land twenty years ago.
The government distributed food during the first lockdown.
Malaria is a curable disease.
It will get to know potential problems/opportunities at their earliest stage of development.
He borrowed some money from his neighbor.
Some children do not have food to eat because their parents are poor.
How did you express your gratitude?
He is going to fight us to the end.
Women's participation in politics helps to advance gender equality.
What makes him a very prominent businessman?
Farmers have to be supported to address existing challenges.
This November marked twenty years since Colonel Kizza Besigye authored his famous dossier.
Tobacco cultivation causes deforestation.
Why did you keep quiet?
The government should be able to help the orphans.
There appears to be an issue with the setting.
Since he had plenty of food during the lockdown, he gave out some to the needy.
Government reports show that minors too can get infected with the coronavirus.
This will grow the industry and benefit a lot of people.
A village is a small community or group of houses in rural areas.
My uncle was shot by the criminals.
This room can contain more than ten people.
What is the best way to solve domestic violence cases?
Charles Olaro is the director of clinical and community services at the ministry of health.
One community member laughed at his comment.
The school needs more funds to sustain the students.
They were urged to encourage children to participate in classroom activities.
Some friends are indirectly our enemies.
Hospitals in big towns have very good reproductive health equipment for women.
As a woman, I know the suffering mothers go through while giving birth.
We are all at risk of contracting the disease.
She only loads airtime on the line she wants to use at a particular time.
I doubt their level of integrity.
The police have opened a general enquiry file to investigate the allegations.
Our parents were requested to submit our birth certificates to the school.
He rushed in order to catch up with the train.
There is a relationship between Uganda and Israel.
What is the age bracket for youths?
God protects us day and night.
She was buried in her father's village.
Software companies are always profitable.
Targeted data circles the world at lightning speed.
Assassins in Uganda obtain guns illegally and use Bodabodas
He is being investigated for embezzling public funds.
People had tried their best to extinguish the fire but didn't succeed.
All the witnesses for his case died in strange ways.
His father was murdered last week.
Islam is one of the religions in Uganda.
Agriculture has a lot of benefits for smallholder farmers.
They have not yet received the payment promised to them after displacing them.
No cars were allowed into the city beyond three o'clock in the afternoon.
Very many people suffer as a result of their ignorance.
The members of parliament supported ideas that could solve people's problems.
We have a long way to go on this issue.
He has called for an ambulance.
Some people got injured by the fire.
It is very possible for every woman to conceive naturally.
The testament will prevent unnecessary issues amongst family members.
The government tries to intervene when media companies publish false news.
All his wives respect him.
Which medicine do you usually take when you have cramps?
My grandfather died when he was eighty eight years old.
Family expenditures usually rise during the festive season.
These requests are meant to promote free and fair elections
Don't forget to comb your hair.
The government has requested for donations to purchase coronavirus vaccines.
People were told to embrace handwashing, sanitizing and social distancing.
Qualified doctors at the main hospital normally handle Caesarean sections.
The average citizen does not understand global warming.
There is a fashion show to launch these clothes in the town hall.
He had many supporters.
Court denied him bail.
My brother won the African motor cross championship.
He survived after his son heard him wailing and came to his rescue.
Parents have recognised the importance of education.
That accusation sounds weird.
Many young people are being infected.
The youngest of the triplets is taller than the rest.
What role is played by culture in society today?
The committee agreed on the right method of selecting new leaders.
That is why we are seeing a contest over the “spoils of office”.
Passive smoking is the inhalation of smoke.
The district will delay the payments of non-performing civil servants.
A professor has been congratulated on winning the health award
Everybody expects my sister to be the next prime minister of this country.
A Private sector firm pledged five million dollars towards the World Health Organization.
You should start drinking warm water every morning.
She is expected to win the chess game.
The oil mined can be processed into fuel for vehicles.
Eating foods rich in vitamins helps to boost immunity.
Nowadays people are not bothered by the president speech.
Uganda Breweries Limited is looking for ways to reduce the amount of water it uses.
Garbage stinks when rotten.
Does teacher absenteeism affect the student's performance?
She bathed her son with herbal soap when he had a rash.
There are many newly established government schools this year.
The pregnant mother did not know she was carrying twins.
I heard my father talking about going to work in foreign countries.
They failed to identify the people who stoned the car.
It is evident that young people have also ventured into entrepreneurship.
There should be a testing center for coronavirus at the airport.
The youth have acquired skills to enable them to create jobs.
How can you treat your best friend as an enemy?
There are many kinds of COVID nineteen treatment options.
They were warned against using personal data to determine vulnerability.
China is one of the densely populated countries.
Market vendors get Irish potatoes from Kabale.
He does not play any sport.
One of the players got injured during the match.
Cities attract investments that could lead to development.
Everyone is good at something, you just have to discover where your potential lies.
She always inquired about unknown faces around the office premises.
Companies are working together to achieve this goal.
The forest was harbouring criminals.
An African Union summit took place in Addis Ababa in January two thousand seventeen.
The United Nations Children's Fund stated in its statement in October.
Teachers should be committed to working to improve the quality of education.
The Member of Parliament donated masks and an ambulance to the hospital.
They declared some new districts this year.
She told her brother to mind his business.
The project will solve conflicts between communities.
Many people deliberately refuse to pay taxes.
No one is allowed in the mosque.
Public transport is not allowed during the lockdown.
The new data center is currently under construction.
I use a lot of water on my farm.
There are many industries being established in Uganda.
Refugees were advised to practice farming.
The people in that area circumcise young boys as part of their culture.
People are panicking over the outbreak of yellow fever.
He managed to make jewelry from beads.
An organized town must have a spacious garbage collection center.
If you want something, it is better to ask for so many.
Parents should advise their daughters about the importance of abstaining from sex.
We know what the opposition is against, not what it stands for.
Two Ugandans won gold medals in the recently concluded Olympics.
People who died of Ebola were buried by specific people appointed by the government.
I have seven children and all of them go to school for free.
The health centre is being renovated.
This is the most competitive football match of the season.
That school was demolished to build a hospital.
He does not know why his parents do not live together.
The person responsible for the attack on the locals has been arrested.
The medical staff and engineers are important in our Ugandan setting
The truck has just delivered the building materials to the site.
The officials were replaced for failure to follow protocol.
Some young people are involved in gambling.
He insisted that communication within a family is important.
A Ugandan has won the prestigious news award.
Industries consume a lot of electricity in operating the machinery.
Lagardere may exit from sports media and marketing.
It discourages outside donor funding to support justice projects.
People should bring receipts to make follow-ups.
As a leader, you ought to be focused.
The communications regulator ensures telecommunication companies follow set guidelines.
She is playing in the rain.
How did you get those injuries?
She was caught red-handed in a lodge with her friend's husband.
Uganda police will do reshuffles any time this year.
Every village should have a court to manage domestic violence issues.
The tree has very many branches.
Farmers in Uganda face a lot of challenges associated with crop diseases and the weather.
The government has been given ideas on how to collect taxes.
The clean energy project has provided people with employment opportunities.
Fortunately, he has been saving for a long time.
Whichever political reform we attempt, it won't eliminate the centrality of money in politics.
I will support you.
The group is advocating for a better system of taxation.
Which hospitals test for coronavirus?
Drug addicts are always idle with nothing to offer to their families.
Earlier people were not allowed to attend the burial of a coronavirus victim.
He survived a plane crash that killed fifty people.
Target Casting companies make money the opposite way.
The police are committed to defending the border area.
The land was also experiencing floods and crops like cassava were rotting.
No one knows how the future shall be.
The skills acquired will enable people to get money.
In many counties, people are restricted from participating in political campaigns.
He signed a new contract with his team.
He is so passionate about fashion and fitness.
He wrote the news story.
Am a lieutenant and have never been a general.
Strikers are important in winning a football game.
What are the dangers of drug abuse?
People do not easily welcome change.
The national budget is prepared by the ministry of finance.
People are recovering from coronavirus.
Is this your first game in the Uganda premier league?
The government should provide businesses with better coping methods in this coronavirus pandemic.
Opposition candidates do not have the finances to advertise on television stations.
We have been good friends despite mummy’s restriction.
When she was flying in the helicopter, she could see the whole village from above.
Many people were forcefully evicted from their land.
It is very expensive to acquire a piece of land in urban areas.
Eventually, everyone reaps what they sow.
Electricity prices in Uganda are high.
I was happy when my son became a deacon.
A parish chief explained that they acquired the degrees to get promotions.
Which authority regulates betting companies in Uganda?
We shall settle this matter in courts of law.
Border districts are still under lockdown.
The user has to insert a pill in the vagina for a couple of hours
Teachers are responsible for the pupils passing.
Good leadership Will effectively serve people's interests.
Visiting the update stations is a way to confirm voter registration.
It will help farmers with milk products to access the international market.
The cause of the fire that gutted the building in Makerere is still unknown.
People turn to God when they are facing problems.
In two thousand eleven, President Museveni raided the treasury and bought six jet fighters.
The identity card registration exercise was extended to people's homes.
Their death was very terrifying.
Everyone contributes what they can.
I shifted from that neighborhood because there were too many theft cases.
Conducting business in a foreign environment is always challenging.
Most of the African youth are unemployed
An Executive director has been congratulated upon securing the leadership role.
Some dams help in generating hydroelectric power.
Problems such as land tenure, poor healthcare, and education still exist.
Let me go see him before the boss gets here.
I could not leave the little girl alone at home.
Different leaders are elected for different duties.
We visited Bethlehem last month.
The Democratic Republic of Congo has applied to join the East African Community.
Care and conserve the environment.
What should be done for women to stop consuming alcohol?
Many businesses are prospering because of the country's security.
In their region, the mayoral seat has attracted four aspirants.
Schools now days focus on training students on how to run business.
Pandemic diseases have killed a lot of people.
The partnership with international investors to help refugees has ended.
There is a measles outbreak in our village.
Police forces should be trained on how to carry out investigations.
She was accused of stealing money from the company.
The journey from my home to my workplace is approximately two miles.
I bought a new car yesterday.
Don't chew with your mouth open.
Resilience is the ability to recover from difficulties.
Qualifications are earned from education.
Uganda does not involve itself in issues of other countries.
There have been several floods around the country because of the heavy rains.
He was terminated for absenteeism from work.
How old is the deputy Lord Mayor?
People die because they cannot access treatment.
My sister worked for that organisation for over twenty years.
Our house is still under construction.
Who is behind the assassination of government officials in Uganda?
His head stuck fast in the mud.
The relatives of the groom inspect the bed sheets after the wedding night.
We are not sure of their cooperation with us.
These people are from registered political parties.
I can't believe what the twenty-three-year-old said after the race.
Women empowerment programs are put in place
The football players are already on the pitch waiting for the referee to start the match.
William Byaruhanga Bemanya argued that there cannot be an audit when provisional administration
Politicians in control of the state use public funds to meet constituents financial needs
What is the role of a chief in the  subcounty?
Some parents resisted the vaccination of their children.
Parents take their children to school when they are still infants.
Lawyers provide legal advice and guidance.
Farmers participate in legalisation through their cooperatives.
She was praised for doing her work faster than the rest of the staff.
They haven't paid school fees.
Increased staff will ensure service efficiency.
This will improve the quality of work in government ministries.
Others pointed it out as death do us apart.
I am waiting for the traffic lights to turn red.
Witchcraft can cause some people to run mad.
He preached against human trafficking in his community.
One student was left disabled after the floods.
A personal assessment will be carried out for records and archives purposes.
He got a serious knee injury when he fell into a hole.
He is a very talented singer.
This amount is like a drop in the ocean.
The village elders held a meeting to discuss how to achieve gender equality.
Some people never want to go back to their families in the village.
The soldiers were denied loans.
Four law enforcement officers were suspended for violating the rights of street vendors.
Christians outside Uganda have donated fifty bags of cement.
Refugees have no access to better medical services.
Everyone can make a difference in life irrespective of their background.
The unopposed candidates all came from one region.
Church founded schools have a feeding plan for their children.
He has been working for that company for the last seven years.
The soldier was captured by the rebels during his scout duty.
The thief broke the door and entered the house.
Wearing a black dress is suitable for a funeral.
The swearing-in ceremony is live on television.
Some parents decide to settle rape and defilement cases outside court.
People in our region should always live together as one.
We hope things will soon improve.
The Professor will execute his duties and responsibilities systematically
What is the capital city of Argentina?
Women have been trained in various income generating activities across the country.
There should not be any discrimination because of differences in political affiliations.
Women should stand up for their rights.
How can we ensure the smooth flow of investigations?
He was released from prison after serving his twenty year sentence.
Proper planning yields success in business.
Onduparaka football club lost their first game of the season.
The different leadership positions will be filled up.
What are the most competitive teams in the Uganda premier league?
I know someone who can drive you around town.
You have a strong perfume.
The government does not have money to fund new projects.
The true quality offered to the consumer is actual.
When the police were chasing him, he decided to dive into the lake.
That is a very nice dress.
How many people do you employ?
They asked the magistrate to be fair.
Girls as young as three years old and women of all ages always work very hard on the farms.
What is the need for a scan in a hospital?
He surprisingly won the elections.
The news reporter will give the details in the news tonight.
Uganda has reported its first case of coronavirus.
The social stigma around it is heavy.
Youths are now forming criminal gangs to torture civilians.
My brother missed a penalty in the last minute of the football match.
The new powerhouse will reduce load shedding in the country.
The prevalence of coronavirus has affected the economy of Uganda.
The constitution of the Republic of Uganda is not respected in the country.
The law enforcement officers took away some of the goods confiscated from street vendors.
How do you manage your family?
They are both teachers at my school.
The attackers came in a big group.
There is an increasing habit of spreading fake news.
Journalists work in the media.
The Africa Cup of Nations is watched around the world.
Uganda has in many instances received donations from other countries.
His last born child is eight years old.
The junior officers had to work extra hours because their workload increased.
That was enough to take him to jail for a week.
I prefer traveling by minibus to a taxi.
legislators are constantly met with demands for financial assistance from their poor constituents
Two Ugandans won in the different Olympic races.
Stationery dealers do not want to pay the tax.
Most of the minerals are got from the ground.
Most of the girls were impregnated during the holidays.
The flood was caused by heavy rain.
Eleven people contested for presidency in the recently concluded elections.
There were very many participants in the singing competitions.
The opposition can decide to participate in an election that is neither free nor fair.
The identity of the men who arrested him is not known.
We need women to take up leadership positions.
The residents are not allowed to leave their homes until the lockdown is lifted.
Former Deputy Prime Minister, Henry Kajura is in financial trouble
The police spokesperson said that the police will carry out investigations.
People are no longer allowed in court for the fear of coronavirus
We hold delegates meetings twice a year.
The area is out of bounds.
I can help you to achieve your goals.
The organisation aims at providing better services to the refugees.
She bought lunch from the canteen.
Beekeeping is a potential source income for farmers.
The banana leaves dried up.
Losers can be winners too.
She took the picture when the bus was moving.
My boss' daughter excelled in her senior six exams.
She promised to pay for my school fees.
It is easy to fund farmers that belong to cooperatives.
My brother plays for the local football team.
Many students will not sit for final exams.
All countries in Africa should come together as one.
Coronavirus can cause lung complications.
Museveni and Kagame were once comrades.
What is the role of the financial sector?
This is a rainy season.
Any blade that’s doing a poor job of wiping needs to be replaced.
Why are there few meat sellers in this town?
There is a big task ahead of us to be completed.
Some hospitals display patients' names next to the doors of the rooms they occupy.
The status of the health sector will be discussed live on television.
The roads are very dusty.
A mosque is a place of worship for the Muslims.
Our family doctor is very friendly.
He is planning to go for further studies.
The army has confirmed the event.
The economic powerlessness of the victims makes the situation very hard.
The partnership will provide employment opportunities to the people.
Minister of Health is inspecting hospitals.
A girl child is as important as a boy child.
The United Nations has offered tremendous assistance to Uganda.
We have very few orthopedic surgeons in the country.
The chairman requested us to register our cars.
How can I start a piggery business?
Do you think it is necessary for the government to prepare for the third wave of coronavirus?
The sentences had to be validated again.
Despite the  heavy rains, they continued with the running competition
You can only take this vaccine once in your life.
Denying theft of public funds doesn't mean the minister supports the action
Coronavirus has spread in every country in the world.
The young man was very respectful to his parents and to all the other people in the village.
Children with eye problems struggle to keep up with class assignments.
The head offices of the organization are located on the outskirts of Kampala.
It was a powerful insight but one which also goes the other way.
They urged us to respect each other.
She has worked with media companies for a long time.
Some people were injured during the process.
He bought an ambulance for the people in his area.
Health workers will receive free transport to health centres.
The Nairobi site was selected as the headquarters of the Uganda railway.
They no longer have oxygen in the hospital.
What is the English pass mark?
He is working hard to join the team.
He is an international musician.
Northern Uganda has several tribes.
Agriculture has contributed to the growth of Uganda's national economy.
More truck drivers entering from Mutukula are being diagnosed with coronavirus.
You know what I am talking about.
Competitions involve more than one participant.
The scientific system of campaigning prevents politicians from reaching the common people.
Players are called upon to portray a good image in the community.
Moslems go to the mosque for prayers.
The team only hired male technical staff.
They do not have electricity.
He fired some of his workers that used to come late.
I went to the market to buy food for the party.
I was unhappy about my suspension from work.
She criticized voter intimidation, the arrest of opposition politicians, and the violence involved.
What tools are required to create an online class?
Many people attended the funeral service.
Have you thought about recruiting a new team?
Most people in the world are working hard to have a better future.
One should ensure that they have the necessary skills sets when applying for the job.
They are building a school library.
Most of the things made locally are cheap.
His car was confiscated by the police because he was driving past curfew time.
My brother is one of the officers who retired this year.
The COVID-19 test turned out negative.
The thieves broke into the shop.
He said part of the reason for the delay is due to inadequate funding.
She spends a lot of time in the garden.
Investigations regarding the robbery case are still ongoing.
Truck drivers from neighbouring countries contribute the highest number of coronavirus cases in Uganda.
Ugandans rear a wide variety of animals.
The hospitals will no longer provide health services for simple illnesses.
Avoid information from untrusted sources like rumours.
Children are not interested in education.
She hid under the bed.
How long do trees take to grow?
Gamblers assert that betting is a source of income.
The bridge fell due to heavy floods.
The children are watching a cartoon movie.
The market management has been directed to display sanitizers to control the virus.
The government used helicopters to spray insecticides to stop the spread of the locusts.
about five hundred left their homes and took refuge in camps.
Energy-saving stoves are commonly used in schools of late.
My father does not have money to pay our school fees.
They are regretting their actions.
Their father has died in an accident.
The clergy refused to pray for him before he was laid to rest.
We are happy to receive the news about our daughter's engagement.
Some coffee types are grown in mountains.
There was little hope that the elections would happen.
Ambulances and firefighting equipment have been donated to the government.
The National Resistance Movement Party leaders wanted to discuss issues related to Kampala.
Northern Uganda is an interesting region.
He had to decide on the next move to survive.
They were given their monthly allowance today.
They have engaged farmers to help them learn when to carry out spraying.
The rugby coach doesn't stay in the school.
Some children have developed bad behaviors as a result of idleness.
Med Kaggwa passed away on the twentieth of November two thousand nineteen.
He intends to ensure proper allocation and distribution of the country's resources.
We took some pictures at the festival.
Some Americans claim that the virus was made by the Chinese government.
People value nature because of its contribution to society worldwide.
What is the Gross Domestic Product of Uganda?
What role is played by the Anti-Corruption Unit in Uganda?
We watch movies at night.
She promised to buy her grandmother new clothes.
Voters don't distinguish between the private resources of a politician and the public finances.
Government should use tax payer's money or raise capital to turn around the telecom firm
Her contacts lost money to fraudsters.
She broke up with her boyfriend.
The event had several sponsors.
The criminals were not allowed out of prison.
He was summoned to court because of the attacks his team made on the locals.
That bank ran bankrupt and its shares were sold off.
He had clocked ten years in the position.
Community engagement in health matters should be advocated for.
The manager has intimidated the opposing team.
They charge a premium to target a small but specifically defined group.
Barkcloth is more expensive than leather.
The locust invasion is the biggest in Uganda and Kenya in twenty years.
He follows international politics.
The new developments are convenient and user friendly
Schools ought to fund their activities.
My mother mentors women who want to start their own businesses.
The government is expecting to earn a lot of money from oil and gas.
People should avoid drinking alcohol.
Increasing the prices of goods can either make you profits or loses.
The people can speak out during community meetings.
We have hired a lawyer to represent us in the court case.
Different means are being used by authorities to educate communities about agriculture.
The ministry of health needs to reduce child death rates by a third.
The cement factory donated one hundred bags of cement to that school.
What does it take to become an author?
Ugandan airlines has been re-established
There is high voter alertness yet the performance of the public sector is extremely poor.
He withdrew three hundred thousand Uganda shillings from his bank account.
In Uganda, we have church founded schools.
She did not have a proper outfit for the occasion.
If the government decides not to support Uganda Telecom Limited, it will collapse.
Measles causes a runny nose, sneezing, and fever.
There is a youth organisation in our village, teaching youths how to make mats.
No owner of a private radio station is threatened with closure.
I lay my bed every morning.
In most cases, the chief guest must give a speech on the event.
Some secondary schools are only concerned about making money.
The children are the ones who suffer when their parents divorce.
The structures of various schools are not in good condition.
You should pay your bills.
Uganda Broadcasting Deputy Managing Director, Maurice Mugisha and others display coupons for winners.
Road construction works are very expensive.
Constructions require money to take place.
The Sudanese people should be shown solidarity after several years of despotic rule.
The president announced that churches are still on lockdown for the next sixty days.
How long do bean seeds take to grow?
Refugees in each district should be counted.
Media information is a better trusted source.
My mother died on the way to the hospital.
There are various optional courses for students to take at University.
A bus carries sixty passengers.
He emphasizes good representation and leadership for the people.
Facebook has enforced its rules barring content promoting harm.
What is happening at that place?
What is the biggest national park in Uganda?
Underage boys and girls are those under the age of eighteen years.
Public health should be the government's priority.
Water is a basic need of life.
The children have been anxiously waiting for you.
Two truck drivers tested positive for coronavirus at the border.
My father plans to build our family house on the plot of land he bought yesterday.
The journalist has full details of the story.
She painted a picture of her mother.
Elections are not free and fair.
Cultural leaders should follow legal guidelines.
You can acquire more knowledge through reading different books.
The closure of churches gave some people time to reflect on their spiritual lives.
The electoral commission needs funds from the government to prepare elections.
Critics should not perturb you.
The parties are paying the price for their oversight on critical issues.
Is it possible to win the game by luck?
People have to pay electricity and water bills.
But we are not going to tolerate independents.
The company has made a big loss this year.
Some things that happen in Nansana should be respected.
The park is one of the new developments in the region.
Some patients reached the point of frustration that they left.
Several businesses have been affected by this coronavirus situation.
Are the attacks religious-based or not?
The police have hit the opposition and their supporters.
They will keep making music.
A new pit latrine was constructed.
She will always be remembered for her great contribution to the country.
The Independent is renowned for its groundbreaking investigations.
Kampala capital city authority football players get so many yellow cards.
She was separated from her mother at the age of four years.
The government has encouraged its citizens to observe the standard operating procedures.
It is split into competing groups.
The state cannot provide a large basket of public goods and services to constituents.
Local languages are one of the best-performed subjects in schools today.
Many schools increased their fees for the new term.
Is it normal for feet to swell during pregnancy?
We have five acres of farmland for growing rice.
People in Northern Uganda are disunited.
Internet was shut down for five days in Uganda.
The Uganda Brewery Limited Managing Director said the plan is a strategic investment.
Fifty women were recognized for their contributions to the country last Monday.
He was awarded a gold medal at the competition.
The public attacked those that failed to return the money.
My father has never been sick in his life.
Their success shows they are beneficiaries of the system.
A diocese is a district under the pastoral care of a bishop in the Christian church.
Each of the players was tested for coronavirus before entering the stadium.
I have run into them in academic forums, across the globe.
Health officials tried to stop mosquitoes from developing resistance.
Some children do not know how their fathers look like.
I was walking to the new building where I lived.
A two-storey building collapsed in Kampala yesterday.
You have to hand in your report by Friday.
People with sickle cells disease usually have yellowish eyes.
There is a doctors` conference every year.
The president was welcomed to our village by the Member of Parliament for our constituency and other leaders.
The protesters burnt buildings and set cars on fire.
Very few human beings would seek to kill people they hate.
The government of Uganda can be sued in courts of law by people.
The mathematics teacher asked him a very simple question.
Kampala Capital City Authority football club is the best club in Uganda this season.
It creates a lasting effect on the participants as opposed to lecturing them classroom style.
Food security is key to a better economy
Coronavirus has been common among elderly people in society.
How many maize seasons are there in Uganda?
It is the responsibility of parents to take care of the needs of their children.
There has been a drop in the number of tourists because of the pandemic.
Children should be given enough time to play.
He gives more energy to the pupils.
The rebels attacked the community.
He got a chance of going back to school but he misused it.
He added that they aim to achieve efforts in areas of greatest impact.
My grandmother was buried in barkcloth.
We don't have enough financial capacity.
The school was seeking financial support from sponsors.
The time spent on getting services will reduce.
Most employees' salaries were reduced because of the pandemic.
These platforms are putting decentralized power directly into people's hands.
I worked for ten years without resting.
Different people are into athletics these days.
How has the education sector contributed to Uganda's economy?
That is the woman who owns that shop.
It is good to help the needy whenever possible.
The model is to limit the role of money in politics.
I saved your life.
The ultra-scan showed the baby.
He betrayed his country.
The system was established by the ministry of health.
When will the court ruling be made?
Pupils have abandoned school for business activities.
We should remain calm and keep the situation under control.
The reporter had a conversation with him.
What are some of the animals we find in the national parks?
Parliament has passed a law on children's rights.
Believers make pilgrims an act of righteousness.
Uganda is the least developed country in East Africa.
We spent six days at the hotel.
The girl said she hopes to resume school next year.
Everyone should work hard.
Their relationship started with a hug.
I have been to this office many times last week.
There are big cracks in the walls of the building.
The workers were harassed.
The police were aware of the plot by the youth to riot.
Her song was not even among the top hits last year.
Sports activities are best done in sportswear.
The minister donated fishing nets to the fisherman.
The presence of health centres in an area improves people's quality of life.
The hunters use traps while hunting.
The minister donated food to the vulnerable.
Farmer groups should be introduced in every district.
Concerts will now be held online.
That same night he traveled back to his family.
She prayed that her husband would be the next president.
She took a thirty minute nap because she was tired.
The president believes that a killer should also be killed.
The Rwandese in Uganda have been accused of being security threats.
Forest officers need to be guarded against people's attacks.
My brother is the highest paid basketball player in the world.
The government will compensate people affected by the construction of the road.
Natural fertilizers are better than artificial fertilizers.
The bishop wished the congregation a happy festive season.
It is always good to determine the resale value of a used car.
Mbarora Burora Ninseka who ran for a local council elective position in Buganda
These solar panels can light up the entire hospital.
He milks the cows every day after work.
He really loves his job.
The newly appointed chief judge has dealt with many criminal cases.
Girls engage in sexual activities at a young age.
It also mobilized it to kill their friends, in-laws, and relatives
Losing an election is a shame to some contestants.
The defects in the car should not prevent you from driving.
More income should be invested in the education sector of our country.
A man strangled a woman and raped her.
The market management will work with the people to facilitate safety in the market.
The last football match of the season will be played on Wednesday.
We lost a lot of official documents in the fire.
Two parties have agreed to settle the matter.
The seeds were handed directly to the farmers.
Many of the cross examiner's actions were shocking and cruel.
The exhibition attacks violence against women.
The dissolution poses no health dangers to the user.
Who heads the Uganda Police?
The new official promised to work hard.
People who intend to vote should already be on the voting register.
Working as a team will help them to easily access financial services.
There is flooding in Moyo district.
Water supply has been properly regulated by the government.
The speaker has addressed all the delegates from other countries.
Uganda was colonized by Britain.
The country welcomes new businesses because they bring in money through taxes.
It rains during the planting season.
Women suffer from the insensitive media much more than men.
Cookstoves and biogas are used for cooking.
This is her first time traveling by aeroplane.
Remind me about the meeting later in the day.
The army has done well in fighting the spread of the disease.
My brother is fond of wearing tight trousers.
Community members are advised to report issues to the police.
Kagame officiated a swearing-in ceremony of new cabinet ministers at parliament in Kigali.
That security officer impregnated my neighbor's daughter.
International companies employ people from different countries.
Some industries sell their products abroad, instead of selling to the locals.
Political parties learn from their mistakes during an election.
The coronavirus nineteen funds were misused.
Revolutions don't always bring economic and social transformation as expected.
Many people and organisations give up funds for charity.
The state should protect whistleblowers who report corruption.
People who lose land in the process of expanding roads are always compensated.
She died of breast cancer.
Schools request for more teachers to handle the school population.
The city authority took operations against street vendors operating illegally.
The culture of saving money is developed over time.
What do judges base on to conclude at a given judgement?
District officers are ready to provide free services to the needy.
She pledged to pay the school fees of her late brother's children.
The Federal Communication Commission requires that all broadcast advertising declare who is paying it.
Uganda's justice system discourages the use of violence in elections.
Communities with large numbers of refugees experience a high rate of disease spread.
Youths are encouraged to take up leadership positions.
Why didn’t you clean up your room?
He denied having worked with the suspects.
Christians need to come together in prayer during this pandemic
Ugandans working abroad have been stopped from coming back due to the pandemic.
Many people lost their property.
I was requested to address the congregation.
The Minister of energy apologized to the speaker.
The clergy will not tolerate people who are against the church.
The doctor said that the woman is perfectly healthy.
The hotel was closed because it had no proper sanitation facilities.
She complained that she was being overworked.
The future is very uncertain; therefore one needs to plan well.
Which team won the game?
Motorcycle riders are encouraged to wear a helmet while on the road.
She gave up her job at the bank to do farming.
She was seen entering a white pickup last evening.
The leader got the highest number of votes during the presidential elections.
Coronavirus affects smokers more.
They announced his death on every radio station in Uganda.
What countries are in the East African Community?
How true is the common saying that water is life?
The practice has been condemned.
The district has to mobilize and inform people about the spread of covid nineteen.
He signed and sealed the document.
The next football match shall be held in the stadium.
A four weeks notice should be given to employees before termination.
Who gave you that name?
We have a bad fixture.
Some parents in rural areas cannot afford to take their children to school.
President delegates government officials to execute tasks on his behalf.
These people were not armed.
The attention has been focused on treating coronavirus.
Parents are advised to protect their children from strangers.
Church leaders should encourage people to live peacefully.
Many voters know that there will be real change after the election.
He was very weak after the surgery.
Farm tools are kept in a dry place so that they do not rust.
We have received funds to support agriculture projects.
The world cannot judge their country for protecting its citizens.
The government closed all churches due to the pandemic.
We need to work together.
The church leader preached a gospel of reconciliation and forgiveness last Sunday.
A new maternity ward is under construction at the health centre.
The refugee expressed his joy after receiving food.
Music is a form of entertainment for most people.
When is World Refugee Day?
People engage in agricultural activities to get money.
He is the best music artist in Uganda.
Which countries are allowed to participate in the Olympic games?
Helping others is very important.
It is very costly to conduct a sports gala.
They expect to get the proper care.
I am a member of the writers' club at my school.
Everyone has a right to education.
It is now simple and easy to register a business.
Street vendors should be relocated to a market.
It makes good visibility essential, especially during wet weather.
The president was asked not to contest again.
They held a meeting in the town hall yesterday.
New species of bananas have been introduced to ensure continuous productivity.
Please help me with my luggage.
Many taxi drivers are not following the president's directive of carrying only eight passengers.
Some Ugandan soldiers were taken to Somalia to fight against the rebels.
It is efficient and gives instant feedback.
Onduparaka football club has a poor defence.
The minister pledged to provide the museum with the Lugbara calendar.
My father complained that it would be expensive for all of us to visit our grandmother.
Moyo secondary school road was constructed.
Will you be around for tea this evening?
Her parents forced her to change the statement and withdraw the rape case.
The minister for health was the chief guest at the function.
She caught a big fish.
There have to be the best uses of natural resources.
He played a key role in the movie production.
My grandmother is not on social media.
Every day many women and girls die from preventable causes of pregnancy and childbirth.
The fans raised two million shillings only.
They effortlessly sacrificed and put their lives at risk
Wiper blades, alignments, and engine drive belts should be checked.
Why do her children look miserable?
The rehabilitation involved landscaping, research, and communities neighboring the firm's subsidiary in Uganda.
The police will arrest any disobedient youth.
The district is planning to establish new sources of water for the people.
You will be arrested for the rest of your life.
This was the largest relative annual decrease since the war peak reached.
There are very many market vendors.
At what time did you leave office?
How many people will be invited to the function?
Before the ceremony started, we sang the national anthem.
Social media algorithms have extinguished the traditional economic model.
The suspect was later charged with treason.
The school awarded a scholarship to the best student.
Respect yourself and others will also respect you.
Report any coronavirus suspects to the nearest health centre.
Coronation is still an important event to celebrate.
The leader of the police force had also been targeted.
The government of America spies on some countries to protect the oppressed citizens.
Parental care is essential for child growth.
Through our leaders, we complained about the bad infrastructures in our town.
Several sources claim to rank countries based on military strength.
All cultures should be recognised at the national level.
Twitter user Postsubman posted a video when the couple took a usual entry.
This incident is quite common.
By the end of this month, we expect the president to lift some of the coronavirus restrictions.
The family of the girl wants justice to prevail.
What factors contribute to gender-based violence in communities?
Nobody has a right to annoy people.
Porous borders are used for illegal car trade with neighbouring countries.
It's the government's responsibility to treat its people from various diseases.
The discovery of oil in our area has provided jobs for the youth.
Violent Muslims have been charged with inciting violence.
Most cultures in Uganda favour men over women when it comes to marriage.
Members of parliament are always requesting for money.
She knows how to cook.
The national budget is prepared every financial year.
The result is reduced visibility and poor wiping action.
My father drives a very old car.
Students should be allowed to participate in decision making.
Their response to security threats was remarkable.
The university tuition fees have increased by fifteen percent.
He was diagnosed with high blood pressure.
He was rushed to the hospital last night.
The old furniture is kept in the store.
Indians have very many businesses in Uganda.
The family didn't know how many buildings their father owned.
She sold her piece of land to the investor.
We take the children to the park to play on the swings.
What is the role of the ministry of energy in Uganda?
Such secrecy and closed control of information options inherently work at cross purposes.
The bank has provided employment opportunities to the people in West Nile.
All schools were closed because of the coronavirus.
There is an ongoing project to build toilets for people in the community.
Your voice is too low.
There were many security gaps at the prison.
The district commissioner confirmed that there is no oil mining in this area.
We no longer have any problem with her.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and other Russian officials met with African leaders.
A quick transformation to a modern meritocratic state is nearly impossible.
The United Nations has some of its offices operating in Uganda.
There is a misunderstanding between the two refugee hosting districts.
What is the benefit of having a mentor?
Doctor Besigye criticized the creeping authoritarianism under President Museveni.
They won the match by two goals in the finals.
They celebrated twenty years of marriage.
The two schools will compete in the netball semifinals tomorrow.
They want to provide easy access to health services.
The story is to be continued.
Soldiers can also participate in sports.
She has no one to play with at home.
The fight against the age limit bill continues.
The army is used to intimidate the opposition leaders.
How can one run an infant city?
He lost the court case.
Farmers need better roads to transport their goods to the markets.
Landlords have all the right to make decisions over their property.
He is a good driver.
The public will get daily updates about coronavirus.
Water is of great importance in our day to day life.
He left prison with scars all over his body.
The security agents wanted to arrest the suspects again.
The performance of traditional schools is poor.
Schools have been urged to put the new curriculum into practice.
The outgoing chairman gave his speech.
Lecturers were either murdered or run away from the country.
Travelers had to pay for their hotel rooms where they were quarantined.
The manager was fired due to allegations of fraud made by employees.
They were all given a chance to appeal to the judge.
Some government programs have created no impact on society.
There has been a decrease in theft cases in that area.
All student leaders had leadership training yesterday.
Everyone at the burial site fled when the dead person resurrected.
The lady got married at an old age.
The country has a huge debt to pay.
Handouts will be given to participants so that they can have a future reference.
What are some of the countries that implemented the lockdown to curb the spread of the virus?
He had to pay a fine for knocking on his car.
The ceremony was postponed because the organizers could not agree on a venue.
There are three services in this church every Sunday.
Ordinary people have little say over the political process.
The government should financially contribute to all church projects.
Private schools should stop engaging in examination malpractices.
Her son dropped out of school.
The parliamentarian was charged after being arrested.
There are a few driving schools around here.
She has spent a month without coming back home.
To reduce the voter's anxiety the electoral commission kept releasing partial results.
He presented a list of only forty-nine properties.
Our goalkeeper saved two penalties.
Someone stole my six pairs of socks.
The hospital beds are full.
The city will enhance business activity in Arua.
She has lost too much weight this year.
The loading shedding will take a period of two weeks.
Some Ugandans that travel abroad never return to Uganda.
The ministry of health needs to establish a regional cancer institute.
The entire world is currently focused on the fight against the coronavirus.
There should be a reason for employee termination just as there was for employment.
His business is strategically located.
I love you so much.
I would be happy to provide much information as possible.
They were advised not to sell their land.
The students vandalized a lot of school property during the demonstration.
They beat the thief to death.
She was thrown out of the house at midnight.
What flavor of ice cream do you like?
Ghana and Nigeria are neighboring countries.
The country still faces refugee problems in northern Uganda.
We were very pleased to host the bishop at our home.
Our eyes play an important role in keeping us from danger.
God is very faithful.
The headteacher has called for a staff meeting.
The government has changed some sections of the constitution.
Poor methods can lead to learner's failure.
Who witnessed the stoning of the president's convoy?
Her hair was goldish in color.
Members of the congregation strongly believe in their pastors.
Most of the mobile telephone customers are on the Safaricom network.
Every hospital must have had an ambulance.
The project commenced last month.
West Nile used to have prominent leaders.
Some of the groundnut plants have been eaten by termites.
Men should never lay their hands on a woman.
We asked our rich uncle to pay for us our school fees for next term.
The leaders had training in good leadership.
What happens when mountains erupt?
Mining activity is a threat to the environment.
It will be the first time the team participates in the event.
The government of Uganda should do more to promote the agricultural sector.
We should always rest our minds at night.
His parents migrated to Uganda when he was three years old.
Who is the Lord Mayor of Kampala city?
The council hired private trucks to speed up the garbage collection process.
Teachers report to schools to teach students.
It can result in being transferred to a hardship area.
There was a court session on land-related cases today.
People in villages rarely accept new technologies.
She must work hard because she has strong opponents.
He is a God of all seasons.
Unemployed youth who can be militants for change.
A four thousand three hundred bill has been tabled.
Fewer tourists are coming into the country because of the rebel attack.
The government will be able to extend the power supply to the rural areas of the country.
What is your management style?
The team was disappointed after the home loss.
Powerful pillars of opinion include traditional leaders, successful businesspersons, and religious clerics
The suspects have been granted bail
The new product has been designed carefully.
The court judgements can be sent to the applicants via email.
We should base political competition on new programs and ideas.
She was appointed as the new deputy headteacher at our school.
I dried the meat in the sun outside the cave.
He has hired more security guards for his home.
Everyone should wear a face mask.
The government is constructing a new road in our district.
He likes eating chicken.
Is it true that milk helps to build strong bones and teeth?
The squirrels, birds and caterpillars are some of the pests that attack crops.
The police are waiting for the medical report from the doctor.
There is nothing yet to show for it in terms of tax reductions.
She gets money to finance the education of her children.
My mother earns money from passion fruit farming.
The residents were surprised when the district chairperson told them to ignore the president's orders.
What should be done to restore peace and security in some parts of the country?
My mother stood behind me in the line at the bank.
The football player was given two yellow cards in one game.
They had their graduation ceremony last Wednesday.
He earned a lot of money from his piggery project.
She was the last in the race.
The national team has joined the fight against racism.
Lack of consensus among council members affects the members of the community
Such people should be respected in the soccer world.
What can I buy for you?
Very many people are going to vote in this election.
His bail was set to a small amount.
He is too weak to fight anyone.
He spends most of his time at school, playing football.
He sells his trees to lumber companies.
We split the jackfruit and shared it amongst ourselves.
After shopping, ensure that you pay for all the fruits.
Every time the heart beats, all the cells in the heart sequentially release calcium.
The band was praised for its good music.
He was very happy to see the work she had done.
Border districts have developed a lot since the year started.
The summit would be scheduled for the six East African countries.
I thought he was sick.
He bought a flower and gave it to his fiancé on Valentine's day.
Mobile phone factory is an opportunity to improve the livelihoods of youth
If you think education is expensive try ignorance.
They installed solar systems.
What is a requisition form?
Never give up in life.
People in refugee camps were also attacked by coronavirus.
In the process, it shatters an underpinning of democracy.
They said that they did not receive enough food.
The government has to decide on the fate of the new districts.
He spends a lot of money on pesticides.
How fast can that bank work on my loan?
The football team has eleven players.
Inspectors went on to inspect the standards of the roads constructed.
The East African Community has made progressive steps since then.
Some types of trees can survive in desert areas.
Fuel is necessary if the ambulances should be on standby.
Those who showed signs and symptoms of coronavirus have tested negative.
Fighting the coronavirus will also solve the problem of poverty among the locals.
How many districts are in Uganda?
We were told to work from home.
The community leaders organize a festival every year.
Problems never end, is it true?
What has the government done on the issue of fake doctors?
The children mobilized crowds to cheer their father.
Some senior politicians advised the leader about the ongoing land issue.
The scouts and girl guides went camping.
Large bodies of stagnant water breeds mosquitoes.
How did coronavirus manage to spread all over the world?
The football match was very competitive.
Crops thrive in that area because the soil is fertile.
Twenty-one, which will be implemented over three years.
The president's car was stoned during campaigns.
Evidence confirms allegations made.
Parliamentary activities were halted.
The expansion plan of Kampala district has excited its residents.
The garden is her other source of income.
He got a loan of five million shillings.
How will your services benefit our University?
His wife wanted to see him before he left.
That old chair should be thrown away.
Farmers in Lwengo district lack enough market for their agricultural produce.
He was the first Ugandan to win an Olympic gold medal.
An open opportunity to find differing points of view.
They claim they are still resourceful despite mishandling their issues.
Uganda will have access to better drugs in the future.
The court dismissed our case.
My friend grew up in an orphanage.
If the seven hundred forty dollars were put to productive use.
We do not have access to clean water.
Broadcasting changed the nature of communications.
The minister called upon us to unite and live harmoniously.
This disease spreads so easily from one person to another.
Poor roads raise the risk of car accidents.
How many brothers do you have?
Which song is that?
The district leaders wrote a letter to the power company expressing their dissatisfaction.
The bishop must approve any kind of church contributions.
He was attacked by evil spirits and died.
How many families were displaced?
It is prestigious to have a city in your region.
We cannot forever rely on foreign donors.
The school nurtured many prominent people in the country.
You should enter politics to serve not to exploit.
They received a grant to build a daycare.
Follow me to the backyard.
We have offered the product at a modest price to benefit the target market.
Parents were briefed about anomalies in school management.
He fell into a deep well and drowned.
Why is revenge bad?
I have not yet fried my egg.
The municipality received money for infrastructure development.
Hon. Anite is one of our most active Baijukuru, Museveni's letter reads in part.
Politicians should focus more on human values when making decisions about natural systems.
The wildlife conservation quiz will take place at Arua public primary school.
We took a tour around the northern part of Uganda.
He pleaded innocent but was imprisoned.
Engineers are essential in technological advancement.
Fasting and prayer are part of the lifestyle of a good religious person.
It will help to prepare the youth with skills to succeed in today's economy.
He is the oldest man in this village.
Officials need rhinos to restore the image of Arua district.
People have been arrested for breaking the laws.
He captured the picture with his phone camera.
Five months without pay is too long.
Three of the cabinet ministers come from our district.
He addressed the media in a move to enhance the salaries of all public servants.
The residents were shocked by the discovery of the body.
Allow me to settle down first.
Always draw up your car's mirrors and lock doors for your security.
Hospitals should be well facilitated to handle all kinds of health issues.
Fishers should be careful while fishing.
Many officials were interested in the oil and gas money.
The West Nile region comprises various tribes.
Some people have been assassinated in broad daylight.
Do you think the magistrate was bribed?
The students were registered with the Uganda National Examinations Board.
What kind of treatment is given to someone beat by a poisonous snake?
She was born in October.
She didn’t want me to leave.
He was appointed manager replacing her when she was on leave.
When did your sister return from the village?
The graduation attracted eighteen industrial plumbers at level three diploma
My baby woke up in a good mood today.
While addressing the community, they should be cautious about the language they use.
Police officers are important people in our society today.
Graduates should become job creators, not job seekers.
We need more cities in Uganda which look like Kampala.
The president isn't the only one who makes decisions on the country's affairs
The number of coronavirus patients in Uganda is rising at a fast rate.
The goalkeeper saved them from losing the match.
Leaders have not sensitized and mobilised people enough.
A market attracts very many people from different societies and backgrounds.
We are not allowed to move at night.
Some people rear monkeys at home.
We are at the moment when a small player has dominated the market.
We hope to have electricity again.
It seems there is still fund embezzlement in the government
Wildlife attracts tourists from all parts of the world.
My suitcase looks heavy, but it is very light.
Wild bush fires in Brazil have made people realize the importance of nature.
The result was a surge in right-wing talk radio.
The party leaders have failed to agree on a date for the elections.
The ambulance driver was arrested for taking money from patients before taking them to the hospital.
Prevention is usually better than cure.
I try to work out and keep fit every day.
The youths should learn from experienced elders.
Governments have a broader perspective on how to preserve and conserve nature.
A land title is proof of land ownership.
The bus conductor collected money from the passengers.
Uganda attracts many tourists.
Kenya had by far the largest percentage of youth involvement in this activity.
The demotion followed an investigation of neglect of duty at night.
How does Uganda benefit from hosting refugees?
The president promised to increase the health workers' salaries this year.
What do you know about Uganda's history?
According to some scientists, coronavirus can stick to plastic surfaces for three days.
What a year it has been.
It is among the most important offices in the country.
He was the fastest runner in the cross country race.
Northern Uganda has changed a lot since Uganda got Independence.
The journalist who was present has a report about the event.
The government has not done enough to protect children's rights.
Tourists have started visiting the country again.
People carry out a lot of business at the border.
Campaigns for the ruling party are going on.
The educational services in the northern region are still low compared to others.
He is one of the most talented music producers in the country.
The party requested for permission to carry out their demonstration.
Onduparaka had not conceded a single goal until they faced Kampala Capital City Authority.
Dancehall songs are the most played in nightclubs.
He enjoys folk songs.
Farmers in Lira were trained to manage and control crop pests and diseases.
She wanted to buy a car but she had no money.
The leaders were educated on how to use the new system.
Confederation of African football in Lagardere will limit the damage from contract termination.
Some people in prisons are being tortured.
We are having a blast at the party.
The police investigations should not be interfered with.
Statistics show that many women die while giving birth.
The sheikh teaches and guides members of the Islamic faith.
Some areas have been well protected and conserved.
Their search was unfruitful.
His land was stolen by the army.
Crying is not a solution to your problems.
Her son stopped behaving badly.
How does lack of electricity affect the economy?
What happens when the goods get spoilt while in transit?
Leading Pan African Service provider, Submarine Cable Operator has partnered with Raxio Data Center.
Besides preserving the environment, trees are planted for sale.
School children are warned against smoking.
He is the one behind the whole plan.
Some people think that coronavirus is just a rumor spread by the government.
That is one of the most famous churches in Uganda.
This is because he longer has the strength to work.
Improving agriculture is one of the things the government is focusing on
Some hospital staff vandalise equipment to swindle funds for new purchases.
It is said that an idle mind is the devil's workshop.
Automated teller machines were introduced to simplify money transactions.
The speaker has suspended five legislators over a fight about the presidential age limit.
The soldiers left the town yesterday.
Thanks should be extended to health workers in the Northern region.
What protective gears must doctors wear before working on a coronavirus patient?
Policemen should be patriotic.
Many people lost their lives over the bridge.
My brother has signed a four-year contract with the national football team.
Take the route with the fewest stops and turns.
We have been complaining about the potholes since last year.
The Church has a different form of governance.
When are you taking that quiz?
I managed to pay my bank loan during the lockdown.
She makes a lot of noise when crying.
Who is an appellant?
The jacket was designed with leather patches on the elbows.
I passed my driving test.
Candidates should follow specific rules and regulations.
Government has given financial support to all women groups in Uganda.
Can a court ruling be objected to?
This bank's goal is to improve the lives of the common people.
The government has finalized plans to compensate people affected by the airport construction.
The market is really congested.
Police officers are meant to arrest criminals.
We are recruiting top-level professionals.
Nothing was said about African leaders who commit crimes against humanity.
Police are gathering more evidence against the suspect.
When the communal "We" is undermined they deliver different information to tribes in secret.
A new road has been constructed in my village.
She applied for a job in her father's company.
It is good to have peaceful elections.
I expected to see you yesterday.
The arms trade is however highly secretive.
Rwanda was the first foreign armed force equipped with China's Red Arrow anti-tank missiles.
An explanation that seems powerful is FEAR.
The soil in our village is very fertile.
Banks operate from Monday to Saturday.
The district should be transparent in service provision.
Primary schools are being introduced in the area.
Many teenagers were impregnated during the lockdown.
He failed to pay his rent because he does not have a job.
We give up on democracy.
The coronavirus was first detected in bats.
The government of Uganda loses a lot of money to corruption.
Uganda's Ministry of Foreign Affairs delivered a diplomatic protest in November.
How much does a tobacco cigarette cost?
Uganda has a female Vice President.
The conference focused on empowering the youth.
The school published his report today.
She has changed over time.
The international sports competitions were canceled because of the pandemic.
A ceremony is a formal event held on special occasions.
Kojan is a Congolese doctor.
Equatorial Guinea and Gabon co-hosted the tournament.
They invested more money in poultry farming.
My husband has been quiet since he returned from work.
The football games competition was organized by the member of parliament.
Medical officers monitor the health state of their patients.
To be a Christian leader you must study theology.
There is a need to construct better roads in Uganda.
Traditional leaders are disunited and lack coordination.
They prayed with the different church congregations.
His political party won the elections.
The government should distribute resources evenly to various regions.
Every area has a police station.
It is good, to be honest, every day.
We are still in the prison of malaria.
They were not allowed in the meeting.
Some people fear borrowing loans from the bank.
Over the years he has suffered from a heart attack.
He has been suspended from work for two weeks as the matter is being investigated.
There are many Asian foreigners in Uganda.
The president died in his sleep.
Some companies laid-off workers during the lockdown.
The district leaders have made efforts to unite members in society.
I wished him a happy new year.
A total of two hundred refugees have trained in bricklaying activities.
Every financial year, a certain amount of money is allocated to the repayment of national debts.
The stream could be able to generate electric power for the whole village.
He interfered with the rights of the public.
He started rearing chicken in the lockdown after losing his job.
Please make sure that the bride and groom arrive early at church this Saturday.
Victims of domestic violence need to be offered free counseling services.
We should sign a memorandum of understanding to borrow money and machinery.
My uncle is the most paid basketball player in the world.
In our company, if you are caught receiving a bribe, you are fired immediately.
Which animals are on your farm?
What kind of businesses operate in that community?
What kind of skills do you have?
There is a need to expand the market.
I do not think that all police investigations are accurate.
There is too much smoke from industries and vehicles, that pollutes the environment.
How many years have you spent at this company?
The dog chased the thief.
The road leads to the town trading centre and is used by many traders.
My daughter loves cuddles.
He has always been a leader from childhood.
The school has maintained its position in the district for five years.
Beekeeping is not hard but profitable.
He got better after the medication.
She did everything in secret but people still got to know.
I left the baby sleeping.
The match will start tomorrow in the afternoon.
Guards ought to be strict in their roles.
Leaders should be requested to account for the funds they received.
The area received a lot of sunshine last season.
She converted many people to Christianity.
Help others if you can afford to do so.
Some coronavirus vaccines are still under clinical trials.
Bendiocarb will be rolled out after training health assistants.
Our district Member of Parliament promised to repair the broken bridge during his campaigns.
My best friend stole money from that company.
He achieved his goal to become a professional football player.
The goal was disqualified because he was standing on the opponents' side.
In what urgent situations can police enter my home?
Oryem indicated that accommodation is better and we are not resentful.
Barkcloth was common in Central Uganda.
His wife is sick.
Some people did not like the president's statement.
What is the most valuable stone on planet earth?
Why did you leave this stool outside?
The clever students understand faster than the rest during the lesson.
Leaders should be mindful of whom they delegate tasks to.
This happens a lot on vehicles that are parked outside in the hot sun all day.
Soldiers and police officers get injured during their operations.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness.
The hospital stocked medicine.
Our offices are open from Monday to Friday.
He cleared the bank loan.
She met some of her friends at the university.
She heads the anti-corruption unit in State House.
It is not the president who gives them employment.
Every Monday, farmers are given advice on coffee growing.
Pharmacies should always stock up on medicines.
The organisation acted when they saw the poor conditions prevailing around the people.
The accused denied the police charges.
What kind of activities takes place in downtown?
Refugee settlements should be monitored to avoid child trafficking.
The police intervene in anything that threatens the peace of society.
The manager asked for our views on the new company policies.
Some traditional norms oppress the female gender.
Breakfast is inclusive of the tuition fee.
What conditions have been put in place to fight terrorism?
People will be given land titles after registration.
The football match is scheduled for tomorrow.
Government invests a lot of money in health annually.
The public has to be sensitised on the purposes of the city establishment.
Uganda always has a deficit budget.
People can always turn away from their ungodly ways.
Doctor Richard Kojan is an intensive care specialist for the French non-governmental organization Alima
Private investigators are very expensive.
He slipped and fell in the bathroom.
One side of his slippers got torn.
They find sympathy in international human rights and humanitarian groups.
What is the name of that Island?
My father was killed in the attack.
My mother put on a linen dress last Sunday.
Lately, the weather is unpredictable.
The headteacher banned sports activities.
I have great plans for my life.
Leonardo Da Vinci was a classical European painter.
I miss my mother.
Your father speaks slowly.
This often took hours at a time before releasing them.
Any institute with proper accountability strategy is eligible for funding.
Most of these veterans are having poor standards of living.
Cities are planned for by the city leaders.
He has no investment despite working for twenty years.
They are working on a project to improve the safety of the region.
There are a number of charity organizations in Uganda today.
Public campaigns were not carried out because of the ban on public gatherings during the pandemic.
There will be a land survey meeting tomorrow.
Herbal oils can also be used in tea.
The leaking of classrooms makes children have negativity about their school.
Do you know that man?
Two years have passed since the holy pope visited Uganda.
The university students are planning to strike because of a tuition increase.
The task force has failed to efficiently and effectively plan for the district.
Parents should advise their children not to strike.
There is a high crime rate in Uganda.
Performing arts has been boosted in schools.
They have recovered three guns already.
He advised community members to live a peaceful life while on earth.
Some of the vendors do not sweep around their stalls.
He has a very beautiful living room.
How can the younger generation be inspired?
Kalinaki wrote that the National Resistance Council was set up to formalize the decisions.
She considers herself a very brilliant girl.
He reads the Bible every day.
Arua taxi park is an ideal place for the market.
It is now difficult for business owners to continue this practice.
Some orphans are educated by friends and relatives of the deceased.
If you want to keep healthy you have to do daily exercises.
People who use water transport are sometimes affected by the weather.
The youth are encouraged to start new businesses.
Landlords should make tenants sign an agreement.
Who is the leader of the Uganda Muslim supreme council?
He did not keep his promise to his voters.
There is still production of fake products on the market.
Society problems shall be acted on.
The results are impressive.
The company was advised to make payments early.
The increasing availability of smartphones is unleashing the innovative potential of sub-Saharan African youth.
Some European and Asian countries set tough conditions for donations to African countries.
The inter religious council is the body that unites all religious leaders in Uganda.
The community thanked the donors for their support.
The government should establish public grazing areas for local people.
All the staff members agreed to go on strike for five days.
Middlemen in business usually sell at a higher cost compared to the original.
The pastoralists have greatly been affected by the drought.
What is the mission of the company?
He advised us to resort to peaceful demonstrations.
This photograph shows you were giving a bribe to the traffic officer.
The police officers visited the bedridden boy at the hospital.
Systems require reforms to improve.
The campaign was aimed at benefiting the poor.
Her husband succumbed to coronavirus last week.
All football clubs have supporters all over the country.
The act is seen as a waste of time and resources.
His wounds were gradually healing.
The three days meeting ended yesterday on the seventh of November.
Many people are tortured when in prison.
His life has changed.
Which kind of music do you like most?
Power from voters is shifted at the grassroots to political party bosses.
It is a good thing for someone to know more than one language.
We can only overcome if we are one.
She managed to complete the race despite having an injury.
He advised the farmers to practise mixed farming.
He is serving a jail sentence for robbery.
The community thanked him for returning the money.
These are things that do not happen in weak and collapsed states.
My aunt has white flowers in her garden.
Many children have minor eye problems.
The government provided support to the people affected by the fire outbreak in Maracha district.
Buses and taxis are available for public transport.
Youth should be equipped with agribusiness skills.
Besides coronavirus, have there been any other pandemics before?
They received threats from people in the neighbouring district.
The Sudanese government needs to address some of the pressing needs.
Everyone entering the country should be tested for coronavirus.
Students performed poorly in the mock examinations.
How many athletes participated in the community marathon?
She attained her bachelor's degree from Makerere University.
The former students of our school have formed an association.
The foreign exchange rates are increasing every day.
They were suspended for three months.
Kajura isn't the only former politician to find himself in financial trouble.
Her neighbors refused to help her.
Residents requested for enough time to travel back home.
Nalufenya police station in Jinja rose to infamy as a torture center.
This hospital pays doctors according to the number of patients they treat in a month.
His father has a dairy shop.
The foundation has been supporting the elderly in the community.
The leader has put a lot of money in youths development activities.
The power generated in the region is insufficient for business and home use.
When do you need the money?
Some animals species are extinct from this world.
The bank only requires stability to extend opportunities for the people of West Nile.
He had spent twenty years in prison.
The team that won the match got a trophy.
She made her research on the company before going for the interview.
The public is encouraged to follow the health guidelines.
Bees have two pairs of wings.
Some journalists were arrested for lodging with Afghan women.
People can buy virginity pills to fake on the wedding night.
Can we reduce violence among young children?
Sports has helped the youth to forget the suffering they faced during the war.
Women, please be content with what you have.
Coronavirus spread to other countries in two thousand twenty.
This disease has a number of complications.
Banks will be open for only six hours a day.
The remains of the aeroplane from the accident were buried.
In the painting, she crosses her hands.
My son is a big fan of this musician.
People should observe personal hygiene at all times to be healthy.
He helped me get a job.
The whole village was out of food because of the famine.
He was immunized at birth.
He has warned that he is ready to fight whoever wants to fight.
Headteachers should hire more staff for better management.
She kept receiving threats from her husband after the divorce.
The program targets student leaders who will be nurtured and groomed in leadership.
All employees are paid salaries for the work they do in the organization.
Uganda is headed in the same direction as democratic competition deepens.
Campaigns are expensive to fund.
She sings in nightclubs.
People in west Nile should be informed about how and why they should pay taxes.
When is a patient discharged from a hospital?
Unhygienic behaviours can often result in disease spread.
The chair of the Electoral Commission will announce the results from the presidential elections.
The information annoyed the legislators.
History is not usually forgotten.
Which part of Uganda is Mountain Rwenzori found?
My uncle will undergo a knee surgery.
I was denied a work permit.
In it he pointed issues that were, in his view, not being handled properly.
The people will vote on their phones which is unfair.
Tourists come to Uganda to visit game reserves and other tourism sites.
Cultural institutions were re-installed.
Gender inequality is high in the remote places of Africa.
People affected by ebola will be given continuous support.
The foreigners were giving a forged history about the presidents.
People should work together to develop.
My bedroom door has a silver handle.
The government distributed free mosquito nets to the public.
All people must be respected because they were created in God's image.
The murderers are still unknown.
Mobile phones have enabled me to get pesticide information for beans.
All the information is available at the office of the mayor.
I am also wondering why you told her your name.
Most of the wetlands in Arua have been encroached on by the people.
We are aware of the work going on in Kiboga.
Everyone in the family now knows about the land wrangles.
That type of sugarcane is usually sweet and juicy.
Religious leaders act as a bridge between the president and the religious community
There are very many young mothers these days.
Her father did not attend her introduction ceremony.
The technology allows faster mobile Internet connections.
Musicians have been denied permission to stage a show in Kampala.
The town council closed a number of markets because of poor toilet facilities.
He was denied bail.
The cities have to be given new leaders.
The police have refused to leave his home.
District officials were warned against accepting bribes during the national identity card registration exercise.
Coronavirus infections keep on increasing but also some people are recovering from the virus.
Each East African country has a representative in the East African Legislative Assembly.
She is the happiest person I have ever seen in my life.
My aunt is an actress.
The woman was murdered by a group of businessmen.
The rainy season has already started.
Family planning should be taught in schools.
Nurses were on strike for two weeks.
This year's football league kicks off next week.
There is no debate on the president's directive.
We are advised to be kind to each other.
Most of the solar systems were not purchased by the people.
The government should extend free medical services to people in rural areas.
Have the youths benefited from their leaders?
The public had a right to assure they weren't misused.
Focus on public policy issues is a rule enforced by the Request For Proposal.
Leaders wrote requisitions for development money from the government.
I'm an old-fashioned physician and I think touch is very important in medicine.
Many people attended my mother's funeral yesterday.
The youth are normally shy to open up about their sexual lives.
The district budget is mostly funded by the business people.
Many people's houses were destroyed.
The students need computers to access their online lessons.
More doctors are needed in our region.
He works with the World Health Organization.
Motorcycles are cheap means of transport.
Barkcloth is an ancient craft of the people in central Uganda.
He accused him of grabbing land.
Presidents are allowed to visit any country.
The children were playing on the swings.
She has never gotten justice for the murder of her brother.
Hospitals offer both first aid and treatment.
After eating food, we had to leave the restaurant.
She gave back to the community as a token of appreciation for voting her.
Many teachers have benefited from having side businesses.
The refugees were offered accommodation.
He laughed so loudly that everyone looked at him.
She planted cassava on two acres.
The foundation of marriage should be love.
The Top hundred most admired Brands in Africa list compiled by Africa Business Magazine.
He put off his coat and placed it on the bench.
The occasion was the formal start of the new party.
One of the mourners pledged to pay school fees for the orphans.
They have stayed on this land for a long time.
Through investigations, the truth eventually comes out.
A sample is often a portion of the whole.
The company transferred her to their office in Mbale.
Under what conditions can one attain the title of a "Doctor"?
Kampala should not have street children around the city centre begging for money.
Egyptian competition authority requires the Confederation of African football to make compensation.
Farmers should seek advice on how to prevent animal diseases.
Why are you standing here alone?
Tanzania's president-elect died this year.
People can access goods and services very fast.
The meetings have been held online.
The museum is one of Uganda's tourist sites.
The victims of the floods are complaining that the government has neglected their need for safe shelter.
What does the field force unit do?
My sister quit her job two days ago.
Spraying is effective in destroying malaria.
They were the winners of the netball trophy.
The project will follow specific government procedures in its establishment.
He does not have shoes.
He doesn't want to carry public funds.
He has unlimited credit.
Have a joyful Saturday and Sunday.
The ministry has warned malicious individuals against creating misleading posts on immunization.
At the age of fifteen years, she was a victim of rape.
God is good and that is His nature.
Candles are made of wax.
Over two hundred thousand women have suffered from sexual violence.
This allows researchers to observe these changes in living, beating hearts.
Some stones are used for decoration.
The city has allocated vending sites outside the town, but they rejected it.
A new market is being constructed.
European countries provide aid to African countries.
The arrest of South Africa's former president caused riots in the country.
How much funds were allocated to the tourism sector in the national budget?
The district leaders advised the people to avoid alcoholism.
I know some money lenders.
He stepped down from his revolutionary utopia to the hard rock of reality.
I can't wait to sign a new contract with this company.
People have lost their lives after the yellow fever outbreak.
She has a master's degree in Business Administration.
The president opened new markets in several districts last year.
This door is beautiful.
The teacher told us an interesting story in class.
I am going to eat one slice of bread.
Businesses in the city centre have been told to close until further notice.
They had covered a larger area of the land.
The region has a poor supply of water.
He has a twin sister, but they do not look alike.
The ambulance is unreliable.
Data collected looks at how farmers conduct activities.
The challenge of teacher absenteeism is a major problem in the district.
What is the role of the Inspector General of Police?
Police were deeply implicated after the presidential elections.
People have engaged in fish farming.
What do you think is the cause of traffic jam on most roads?
The journalists were beaten by the police.
Recruitments at the district level are usually massive.
Few people buy from his shop because it is dirty.
Children are expected to start school next month.
The government needs to plan for public schools in rural areas urgently.
Law enforcement agents apply what they think is right.
I did not intend to silence you and the Parliament
Kampala is the capital city of Uganda.
The spokesperson of the police warned people against violating the curfew time.
Saying thank you to someone shows that you appreciate their contribution.
People were walking ten kilometers to rally sites.
Let me charge my phone since it has a low battery.
Fire outbreaks in Uganda normally occur at night.
He has the details about how the campaigns are running in some districts.
Some people minister in the church through the choir.
The school is celebrating ten years of its existence.
There are many mosques in Uganda.
The final hearing of the case was set for the thirty-first of June.
It is unfortunate that even today women are being oppressed.
Watering supports crops to grow during the dry season.
My father was arrested for raping our neighbour.
A bigger proportion of the population is ignorant about the law.
Moyo general hospital lacks medical equipment.
The list of corrupt officials was published.
I wonder how I will achieve my dreams.
She carries three mobile phones in her bag, each for a different network.
He loved his wife dearly.
Some people advertise their business on social media.
The organization has been assessed by the auditors.
The government has facilitated Arua regional referral hospital with an ambulance.
Albert Mucunguzi, the chairperson of the Information and Communication Technology Association of Uganda.
Market vendors were asked to sleep in the market during the lockdown.
Have you been to Germany?
Development is a gradual process.
Small plots of land can be used for subsistence farming.
His mother asked him why he was involved in the examination malpractice scandal.
Borehole water is not good for washing clothes.
We had noise in the neighborhood and woke up.
Late spraying is the reason why the food we have now days is contaminated.
I have seen a difference in her lifestyle after the training.
The main challenge we are facing is in distributing our products to all corners of the country to serve our loyal customers.
How did he manage to win people's hearts?
Ugandans are overjoyed with the victory of their fastest runners.
The locals said that this area is too dry for yam growing.
He changed his mind about retiring from politics.
I am going back home.
Parents should be sensitized about the importance of immunization.
People who had gone into exile would get an opportunity to unite.
From the time he was a rebel leader till he became president.
My cousin is a photographer.
The Sudanese government looks at improving education, health, and infrastructure.
The police spokesperson will be addressing the media in a few minutes.
He got a scholarship to study abroad.
The church is very far away.
The students complained about the unfairness of their headteacher.
Uganda lacks sports facilities.
The death reports have been released.
During labour, some women need enough blood before and after delivery.
The police arrested the gang of thieves at midday.
A booster dose of oral Polio vaccine will be given to all children under five.
Curfew was implemented to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
Due to the prevalence of the pandemic, the country's economy has been greatly affected.
Every district was represented by five elders in the meeting.
He planted oranges and pawpaw trees at the side of his plantation.
The industrial centre will be a skilling centre for the youth.
He can take away her job.
He has some money in his pocket.
My uncle is the leading all time goal scorer in the Uganda premier league.
The district leaders did not have any complaints at the meeting yesterday.
It is the best football team in the district.
The minister has awarded the best teachers in the country.
How do you distinguish fake products from the original ones?
The piece of land is located near the airfield.
The government is not issuing national identity cards due to coronavirus.
The judge did not appear for today's court session.
Natural treasures have an immense contribution to people's lives.
The senior woman empowered young girls with knowledge.
How long is the training period?
Your mother is calling you to wash utensils.
Doctors have not received their salaries yet .
They need to be motivated
Kaggwa had a marked record as a politician.
During the national address, he talked about the increasing number of corona patients.
Top government officials remained divided on whether or not to appoint a new administrator
The court is questioning the council over its recent actions.
Most of the people in that district rely on farming as a source of income.
He scored the highest mark in the test.
The room is stuffy.
What kind of meetings should journalists be invited to?
He has been a practicing doctor for over twenty years now.
Winnie countered that it takes some time to turn discontent into votes
Everyone is supposed to pay taxes.
Lungs help us in breathings.
The parliamentarian was exemplary to other leaders.
Ten clans participated in the competition.
The government should allocate funds to the needy.
The spectators cheered in support of his goal.
Our team scored five goals during the home and away game.
Kaggwa spent the last three years in the spotlight.
The meeting has not yet begun.
He whispers loudly, pretending so that you can hear.
People are even more willing to support one of their own.
To reduce the crime rate, the police should always be alerted.
A number of girls competed for the beauty queen crown.
What does the news anchor do?
Religious leaders are working hand in hand in the development of our village.
Our town was once visited by the president.
District officials should involve people in decision making.
The district hosts the highest number of refugees.
We have been threatened by the police.
She will begin going to school next year.
I watched the match on television at a nearby bar.
The victims of mob justice received treatment from the region's main hospital.
The government has not yet responded.
My sister and I wear the same size of shoes.
The government purchased an ambulance for Moyo district.
He provided a set of rules and regulations for accounting.
Billions of money are spent by the government every year.
People should understand that disability is not inability.
People should always agree to disagree because they will outlive the political parties.
Report your complaints to the police station if necessary.
The regions where landslides occurred had high populations which made them high-risk areas for settlement.
Some officials ask for money before they work on you.
The players can be replaced during the match if they get tired.
We are tired of the increasing taxes on clothes.
Most men marry at the age of thirty.
The government has instruments in place intended to fight corruption.
I sat for my senior four in two thousand twelve.
The journalist only survived a technical knockout by fleeing to safety.
The ministry of water and environment initiated the program.
He runs ten kilometers every morning.
The police had a detailed report about the kidnap.
Arua taxi park will become irrelevant if there is consistency in shortage of power.
My noisy neighbours are ruining my life.
His elbow twisted when he fell from the building.
He is working so hard.
Security guards are responsible for the security of the office.
While presiding over the ceremony, the commandant junior appreciated the contribution from the Netherlands government.
Residents blamed the town councilor for delaying to collect garbage.
She found a rat in the kettle.
Not everyone in the company was interested in participating in the elections.
What causes conflicts at home?
His car was crushed in the accident.
Can't you chew with your mouth shut?
The government borrowed one billion American dollars to purchase coronavirus vaccines.
He responded rudely to one of the clients yesterday.
There are beautiful flowers in my garden.
Citizens are advised to participate in the election processes.
Employees all over the country complained about the increase in the Value Added Tax.
You should file a suit against that company.
The elephant is the largest animal in the world.
The old man died of diabetes.
He did not participate in the discussion.
The mayor's wife encouraged us to work hard for a better future.
Different Members of Parliament donated ambulances to the community during the lockdown.
There are rumors that his father has coronavirus.
Are you serious about the suspension?
We called an ambulance to rush my wife to the hospital when she was in labor.
Living things can die.
Businesses have been affected by the power outage.
By use of ballot papers, you can now secretly cast your vote.
In Uganda, most sugar cane plantations are owned by individuals.
What might happen if they win and come to power?
The meeting venue has been communicated.
Describe a lifeless face to you.
Dogs naturally eat small animals like rabbits and hens.
Companies work hard to protect their brands.
The judges will select the finalists.
He was killed by the police.
She did not have enough money to buy food.
What is the name of that construction company?
Four teams will be playing against each other.
They were requested to submit a report.
It controls about sixty percent of the market share.
Maize Streak Disease makes the middle line on the leaf to turn yellow.
People should be kind to each other.
Taxi operators should create cooperative unions.
He was confirmed as the representative for Muslim leaders.
The diocese will decrease on income spent on transferring clergies.
With a few resources, teachers continue delivering exciting and effective lessons.
Communications changed from after-the-fact newspapers to the wide distribution of real-time information.
During the lockdown, boda-bodas were only allowed to transport cargo.
Doctors used artificial oxygen to treat some coronavirus patients.
They confirmed the camp's presence via phone.
The bishop requested the police inspector to deploy more officers in the area.
The company has hired a new secretary.
But two thousand nineteen marks thirty years since Besigye became disillusioned with Museveni.
That money will be used to pay office bills.
This building will collapse if these cracks are not repaired.
He withdrew some money from his bank account.
Keep trying even if you fail.
Gender-based violence leads to depression of the affected parties.
The pen was given to her as a gift.
All the men present were tested for prostate cancer.
The village has lost many valuable people.
The company awarded the best performing employees with Christmas bonuses.
The public has a right to participate in national activities.
How much capacity can a standard university hold?
Trees must be spaced at the time of planting.
The town centre has been developed.
Some private schools demand a lot of money from parents.
The district task force was in charge of handling the situation
The assembly drafted the 1959 Constitution.
The patient was requested to clear his hospital bills.
A tree fell and hit a man.
Even as work is ongoing, people are still celebrating.
There will always be delays in obtaining the test results.
As a result of the pandemic, most schools in Uganda have adopted electronic learning.
Most of the foreign investors in Uganda are from China.
The compensation for the war victims has taken long to be paid.
We shall sing the national anthem before the ceremony begins.
How much does a hearing aid kit cost?
The minister of state for tourism is called Godfrey Kiwanda.
What is the role of a striker on a football team?
Social events were held to fundraise for the actual jubilee.
The city has good roads and beautiful buildings.
These steps were taken to build a system based on oneness politics.
The city leaders secretly sold the market land.
The government has decided to take away guns from the Karamojong.
Uganda received more doses of coronavirus vaccines from America.
Pastors preach the gospel.
She was not immunized at birth.
Politicians hire many village people to look for votes.
Some headteachers have been demoted due to poor performance.
I took a shower before going to school.
We failed to find clean water anywhere.
People should maintain law and order.
Allowances of District councillors should be raised to improve service delivery
The workshop was to appeal to journalists to promote gender-responsive coverage.
We have to look at the original copy of the certificate.
We hope to make more profits than we did last month.
Since the locusts move randomly, it's easy to control them.
People are being provided with knowledge about the disease
Tourism generates income for the country.
His voice was loud enough for everyone to hear.
Why is it that some people sweat a lot during the hot season?
Refugees will not receive national identity cards.
This was done by introducing the free movement of goods, persons, capital, services, and capital
People who are given guns should be mentally and psychologically stable.
He has a wide chest.
Having spent several years out of the country, most people could not recognize her.
They decided to carry out further investigations.
Electricity connection encourages investment.
She was arrested for fraud.
Most schools offer both science and arts subjects at the Advanced level.
Storybooks are good for children.
The district chairman downplayed the significance of the media in the crisis.
He cites differences in laws governing the cement mining processes.
The project will be very expensive.
Christians support church activities.
The government has increased taxes on alcohol.
Assets represent the value of ownership that can be converted into cash.
Military sources quoted that it was one of the largest and deadliest attacks.
Did you comb your hair?
Pilots get a competitive salary.
These are public funds that we are talking about.
There are different kinds of games one can play.
He was recently honored and awarded for the invention and his work.
The couple had three sons and one daughter.
Who is a missionary?
The car had value for money as people would get much out of the car.
The group leaders claim to have made payments in the cashier's office.
It is not that easy to cross a river.
A coronavirus case was confirmed in Uganda.
It is greatly reputable for an organisation to do corporate social responsibility.
How much do windows cost?
The district leaders should solve the problem as soon as possible.
He runs an underground money lending business.
The poverty rates in Uganda increased during the lockdown
Handicap is a sports game.
I have been admitted to the hospital.
Not all coronavirus test results come back accurately and in time.
I read my Bible every day.
Wash your hands with soap and water for twenty seconds three times a day.
Public officers serve the public at large.
This report was released last year in December.
How many senses do we have?
Russia had laid out the military hardware favored by African countries.
She requested the parliament to set strict laws against deforestation.
The president narrated to us a story of the woman who fought for his life.
We were disqualified from the competition because my teammate did not wear his uniform.
These initiatives include; police officer vetting and the revamping of a community policing program.
The health sector is staff deficient creating a large doctor to patient ratio
Surveyors did not give the owners of the land their documents
There are a few musicians in Uganda with a traditional voice tone.
Auditors manage the auditing process.
The police arrested many people who were moving past curfew time yesterday.
Place the bottles of soda in ice cubes to keep the soda cold.
Teachers are among the least paid civil servants in our country.
Under what circumstances could unclassified information be considered a threat to the nation.
The network services are currently unavailable.
Get something good to learn from every situation.
The district has failed to improve the road networks in the area.
The donation has come in the time when it's needed.
Godfrey Bangirana ignored directives.
Does Uganda have a railway line?
It is very important for expectant mothers to go for antenatal care.
She was knocked by a speeding car while running from police officers.
The private sector contributes the biggest percentage to the Ugandan economy.
Please give me something to eat.
She asked the locals to work with the police to catch the criminals.
The world economy has been affected by the pandemic.
All fishermen were told to register at the district offices.
The party leader is not happy with some members.
He is playing in the top finals.
The president informed people about the bill.
He has never played any sports game all his life.
Museveni was being visited by investors from the United States.
Setting up industries can help to create jobs for many people Ugandans.
Let us wait and see what will happen.
Most of the young soldiers look up to him.
A man is competing against his daughter in the general elections.
How often are domestic birds vaccinated?
She lied to me that she is already employed.
The referee uses a whistle to give instructions.
Some financial institutions lend to their customers at high rates.
Our field is on two acres of land.
Medical officers highly discourage self-medication.
Ethnic tensions are caused by competition for natural resources.
He prefers to work with an individual rather than a company.
Theft is on the rise in Kampala.
What is his latest song?
The cars have to be serviced before they go out to the field.
The president often awards his allies with ministerial positions
Cultural institutions help people to hold onto cultural norms.
Drivers are not happy with the current management.
Politicians are elected by the people.
There is an increase in the number of street children in Uganda.
lessons learnt are being revised to improve Ebola preparedness.
Do you have a business name?
Britain broke away from the European Union
The project is aimed at the well being of refugees.
RapidSet is recommended for concrete applications such as culverts, pavers, bridge beams, and others.
He takes a glass of red wine every day.
Normally the white spots on the maize leaves are brought about by the pests.
The deceased was buried in her favorite gomesi.
Money allocated for disaster relief should not be swindled as this affects the country
The fire spread out so fast throughout the building.
The students have been silent about the breakfast issue.
Hospitals need sufficient equipment for efficient performance.
By the end of the campaigns, he had lost all hope of winning the election.
The floods destroyed people's homes.
He released his first movie in March.
Violence majorly affects women and girls.
Journalists are not supposed to be subjective while performing their roles.
People were sensitized about the economy.
The swing takes her forward and backward.
Tourism is increasing the standards of living of the people employed.
A student's report card indicates their academic results.
The thieves were arrested.
What does the cancer machine do on the cancer patient?
Many residents were left homeless.
He lied that his father was a minister.
The world's leading scientists met in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Basque country in two thousand twelve.
This fabric is meant for sports uniforms.
I am three months pregnant.
People need to be sensitized about their physical health.
He should address the common misunderstandings in the company.
People were arrested today.
Keeping deadlines is always a very good habit.
The army needs more supplies.
Parliament will review the law.
My husband no longer returns home early.
The church is under renovation.
Her grandmother taught her how to do house chores.
How are you dealing with the growing competition in the beer industry?
The insolvency act states only listed creditors can apply to the court to remove the administrator
He spoke to a journalist about his journey as the head of the unit.
What is costing in the accounting
Your money is safer if kept on the bank account.
Curfew starts at nine o'clock in the evening.
She accidentally knocked her head on the wall.
Pregnant women should sleep under mosquito nets and get treatment when they're sick.
The crops were properly spaced in a row.
People will engage in economic activities which will boost their financial capability.
I didn't want to live with my brother because it would inconvenience his family.
She attempted to take alcohol and vomited.
Regulations lead to proper growth.
Politics should not divide people but rather should unite and bring them together.
My younger sister has been admitted to the school that she wanted.
It would be wise for one to quit an abusive relationship.
He is a lecturer at one of the best universities in the country.
The increase in the price of cement is caused by the high production cost.
Residents from nearby districts will also come here for treatment.
Many challenges have come up under the Customs Union.
The army is playing political cards against opposition leaders.
What is the punishment for match-fixing?
During his speech about human rights, the president condemned child abuse.
Taxi operation in Kampala has been halted.
The internal affairs unit was set up under the National Police Service set.
What do we find in the Uganda martyrs museum?
Droughts are a direct result of increasing global temperatures.
The plants should be uprooted to prevent the widespread of diseases.
He called upon club supporters to keep the spirit high.
The vaccine will not be given to children.
The president has announced that he will not be contesting for another term in office.
Peaceful means of solving conflicts are better than force.
Farmers have no market for maize.
The roads will be constructed with street lights.
Zimbabwe's Ministry of Information, Publicity, and Broadcasting responded.
Most people work hard so that they can feed their families.
We have fundraising next Sunday.
The project was rocked by challenges that included cost and time overruns.
Generous contributions to funerals and weddings are a way of gaining political support
The government plans to give mosquito nets to the entire population of the country.
He decided to end his relationship with her.
Everyone praises her beauty.
Peaceful study environments should promote improved student performance.
He won the elections because of his popularity in that district.
He walked successfully past all three exits.
Most youths are ignorant of the country's economy.
Instead of fighting rebels, Sudan opted for peace talks.
We poured food into the trough for the hens and cocks to eat.
The exhibit marks five hundred years of the artist.
Public gathering increases the spread of coronavirus.
That is the journalist who wrote the article about our village.
Martyrs day is a public holiday in Uganda to honor the Catholic converts who were killed because of their faith in God.
Our church celebrated its silver jubilee three years back.
He says that his wife's beauty attracted him to her.
And it can be guided by additional monitoring.
The district encouraged people to embrace the new technology in the district.
How does everyone lookout for the other?
They lack the skills and knowledge of vegetable growing.
Our meeting shall be held next month.
He no longer owns that piece of land.
We listened to the pastor's sermon.
That piece of land does not belong to him.
Students are accusing the school director of defilement and rape.
A new plan for developing Arua should be made.
The general commanded his soldiers to return to the barracks.
Health workers have warned people against the dangers of cigarette smoking.
Many people attended my uncle's burial.
The robbers wore masks to hide their faces.
How are emergency cases handled in hospitals?
The ambulances will be taken to rural areas.
I received her letter the other day.
My sister got low grades last term due to poor marking.
The investor promised to transform the remote area into an industrial park.
A doctor will give an insight into the health sector on television.
The Bishop was grateful to all church leaders.
The agreement between the civilian and military leaders ensured that peace prevailed in Sudan.
More areas need to be gazetted purposely for wildlife.
He donated food to the farmers whose crops were destroyed by the locusts.
A good number of women are picking interest in leadership.
Voters should be informed about elections to avoid chaos.
Farmers need to be advised about plants to grow in given seasons.
A fundraising drive was held to raise money for cancer screening.
There were rumours that he couldn't make it through the priesthood.
An investigation is a systematic examination to prove that something actually happened.
He is the former minister of foreign affairs.
You can not vote if you don't have the National Identity Card.
Police serve members of the public as well as the nation at large.
The fate of this court case is in hands of the judge.
The old buildings in all city authority schools are under renovation.
The race has revealed the cracks in the opposition.
The country remains saddled with a lot of political corruption.
I plan to travel abroad.
They promised to donate more pads to girls in other classes once school reopen.
This will help to provide a consistent and reliable experience for undersea cable customers in the region.
The three forms of government include aristocracy, theocracy, and democracy.
Different organizations have come up to advocate for gender equality.
Many Muslims go for prayers at Kibuli mosque.
Eighty nine percent of the adults received their national identity cards in Moyo district.
The capriciousness of Museveni's rule.
The old buildings in our school were demolished.
How can we dodge this traffic?
The district health officer advised people to observe proper hygiene at all times.
The school cannot tolerate lawbreakers.
The government intends to eradicate chronic poverty from the country.
School management should enforce school rules and regulations.
The government should increase the police budget.
Tax fraud is increasing.
She made up her mind to stop taking drugs.
Government hospitals offer medical services at a fair cost.
Do not say anything that you might regret later on.
What is the function of the respiratory system in the body?
The technicians proposed an installation of a power generation centre on the stream.
Toxicities from phone batteries affect the livelihood of Ugandans
Proline football club is one of the best clubs in Uganda.
The act of cutting down trees should be illegal.
My brother took the cattle to graze in a nearby field.
The organization is raising funds to help the elderly.
This government has been in power for a long period of time.
Journalists create a dialogue by asking questions to the interviewee.
The celebrations will involve a series of activities.
No one believes the building actually got burnt.
Power outage affects our business.
Politicians make promises as a way of convincing voters.
Employees should not be affected by the quarantine if they can work from home.
Celebrating Uganda's Independence
Uganda has received two billion shillings to improve the transport sector.
Mathematics was my favorite subject in school.
The leaf has yellow linings and rust in the middle.
We need to improve the current security situation.
Playing games on the phone is sometimes addictive.
The ambulance is well equipped with first aid services.
It is not a must to pay all workers at the same time.
The district and police should communicate to the people before they take action.
How do you spell apologetics?
Kaggwa visited me in military detention and told the world what was going on.
He doesn't have siblings.
I asked if he knows his voice, he said never heard him speak.
Journalists play a very important role in the country.
She has only one mobile handset.
Her parents abandoned her at a young age.
Poor communication between men and women could lead to failed family planning methods.
I would like to know whether it is important to go by the rules.
Promotions resulted from stiff competition among the telecom companies.
No disruption is expected when filing tax returns, obtaining assessments and tax payment.
The girls get money and support their siblings in school.
You need to be hopeful.
The old man caught a big fish.
The players looked so tired at the end of the match.
I still have faith in Uganda's court system.
He sings on the streets.
The dairy farmers will now have access to mobile laboratories.
The pill has to be inserted for the planned intercourse to fake virginity.
Falls on River Nile attract tourists in Uganda.
Party members are not satisfied with the laws governing the party.
This story is making me uncomfortable.
The performers sang a folk song after the drama play.
Uganda has many groups of people speaking different languages.
Due to the prevalence of the pandemic, people have resorted to scientific weddings.
He was awarded by the Reaching the Last Mile forum in Abu Dhabi.
In some societies, women are treated as a priority.
The Confederation of African football hopes to settle disputes with Lagardere at a lower cost.
That forest was named after my grandfather.
They prayed in their mother tongues.
The law was enforced by the policeman.
The aim of any company is to satisfy the needs of its customers.
The army officers and police provide security.
Lack of business activities negatively affects the community.
The patient should be taken to a better hospital.
Our team has gone to find out the truth about the matter.
He worked hard for his wife's happiness.
Music events are full of entertainment.
Ugandans should not be worried.
Maize is usually in high demand.
Majority of the youths like her new song.
There are challenges involved in the church expansions in other regions.
Projects ought to be feasible.
The health sector will make great use of the money.
The district should provide enough water to facilitate handwashing exercise in the camp.
The children helped their grandmother with the house chores.
The prices of things go up during the festive season.
Democracy levels are decreasing.
Most people do not work on Sunday.
She has the highest score on the scoreboard.
The community evaluated the ongoing projects.
Nine percent of women in Northern Uganda are infected.
They should sign up players who fit in their football philosophy.
What plans do you have for tomorrow?
Forceful taking of things is a sign of disrespect.
What are the dangers of domestic violence?
The meeting ended with a prayer.
All landowners should register their land with the local council.
The Local Council helps to handle local cases.
Thieves attack many people on their way home.
He became a qualified doctor after pursuing a bachelor's degree in medicine.
Social gathering has been restricted to stop the spread of coronavirus.
I heard people saying that Ebola is spread by monkeys.
Business people have requested the government to reduce the additional taxes on imported products.
Should the coronavirus patients be isolated in hospitals?
All her friends attended the wedding.
She was buried at her husband's family home.
He appreciated their good work
You must be a hard working person.
The English lesson will begin at midday.
What is going to happen to his partner?
The final election results will be announced on Friday.
There were drops of blood on my shirt after the nosebleed.
Land in the city is expensive compared to the land in the rural areas.
They could not go swimming because the waves were very strong.
The boat was rescued by the fishermen.
God still performs miracles.
There is a need to regulate the prices in the market.
Peoples are different from animals.
Some men do rape their wives.
What are some of the seasonal rivers in Uganda?
Doctors and nurses only wear it for thirty minutes and then wash it.
The netball team is made up of senior two students.
Some people produced body rashes after taking the vaccines.
Health workers are at high risk for acquiring Ebola infection.
Some cars get better mileage at specific speeds, like fifty miles per hour.
Both teams substituted players three times during the match.
How long does a football match last?
The incidents will not be investigated.
The village was declared a disaster area after the floods.
The corrupt workers were stopped from working.
The organisation plans to educate all people in the community about the virus.
Kizza Besigye posed that question sometime in early October two thousand.
The village football team lost to the visitor's team last weekend.
Everyone has a right to live.
You have a good voice.
The community was advised to use bow and arrows for the right reasons.
The national basketball competitions will start on Friday.
The ruling party's political candidates' campaigns were funded.
A special committee was put in place to solve land disputes.
Refugees lack a stable water supply in the refugee camps.
Drivers and other road users should avoid overspeeding.
The school celebrated seventy-five years of existence.
The health centre has a board of governors.
They sought assistance elsewhere.
The movie was acted based on a true story.
He wants to extend his garden and grow more vegetables.
Which countries are in the European Union?
We saw many police officers around the market today.
The luggage was too heavy for her to carry.
How to negotiate anything with anyone anywhere around the world
Decisions made must be clear and understandable for everyone.
I talked to one of my wealthy customers yesterday.
Do you believe in God?
She refused to smile in the pictures.
Janani Luwum is considered a martyr in Uganda
People in that area should be prepared for any disaster.
Most people strive to establish a legacy before they die.
The musician died in a car accident.
Take your time to swallow your food properly.
People tend to suffer when they go abroad to work.
It is celebrated as a game-changer.
A new borehole is under construction in the town trading centre.
The swimming pool for adults is two meters deep.
My daughter sings in the church choir every Sunday.
Arua municipality is located in the North West region of Uganda.
Staying home when having flu-like symptoms can be a preventive measure against coronavirus.
The hospital has organized a blood donation campaign tomorrow.
Use natural oil in your car to save on average five percent gas.
Some pregnant women die while giving birth.
Tell me what your name is.
My elder sister is currently unemployed.
People treat each other like brothers and sisters.
East African journalists are to get training on climate change.
They are sent upcountry for an operation without prior notification.
He started his career immediately after graduation.
That company uses motorcycles to deliver food to its customers.
The authority is looking for the best ways to cut costs.
We need funds to construct a bridge.
What is the source of the river Nile?
The jets are parked to rust away in the tropical heat and rain.
Peace will be maintained throughout the election.
I can't wait to see his wedding day.
The newspaper has stories from reliable sources.
The company donated food to some of its employees who were laid off.
The feeling is compounded by a history of oppression.
Most of the furniture is made out of wood.
Every morning, we are woken up by the sound of the crowing rooster.
The East African Community was a hive of activity two weeks before the summit.
How can we eradicate poverty in Uganda?
I love to visit beautiful places.
Mosquitoes respond to higher than average concentrations due to carbon dioxide.
Police have played a big role in reducing the crime rate in the country.
Trees provide food and homes for many birds.
The district should effectively plan for agricultural activities in the area.
There will be a charity walk next week.
Smoking cigarettes is dangerous because it affects the lungs.
We have a press conference today.
However, bush war acolytes defied them, sometimes with threats.
Some truck drivers get arrested due to lack of driving licenses.
The Uganda Martyrs are celebrated every year in June.
The structure of organizations is important.
Kenya has a good railway system.
There might be a hole in the shoe.
Why can't the government declare the company insolvent?
Medical information should be accessible to everyone.
How much is the registration fee?
The brown colour on the coffee leaves is as a result of common rust.
The nervous system helps the brain to communicate with other parts of the body.
We have a complaint about the behavior of the policemen in our community.
Cultural food was served at the event.
The people of Arua will have power problems for the next two years.
Uganda's malaria prevalence rate has been on a downward track.
They met at the statehouse.
My uncle passed away in a car accident yesterday.
Uganda had a task of ensuring their safety.
Most of the things in the shop are expired.
We didn't get any answers about the allegations from the police spokesperson.
The high court did not have any proof.
Which dam is on River Nile?
I had a long wait at the airport because of the long queues at the security checkpoints.
My sister is reading a recipe book.
Women voices should be represented in society.
Successful applicants will receive a notification within the week.
The small capsules contain mysterious blood powder that imitates human blood.
The meeting is about to end.
The church will not elect a new leader.
Only one health frontline worker has died.
They did not vote.
I want to retire from my job at fifty years.
The construction was completed.
He couldn't afford to pay his tuition.
He took out five bundles of fifty thousand notes from his bag.
I will go to the chairperson tomorrow morning.
The district lacks qualified teachers
Their only vehicle was not replaced last year.
He had no clue that the detective was following her.
The ship to Kalangala Island makes only one trip per day.
He got a scholarship for being the best football player in the region.
The school management committee requested for the meeting.
What are some of the post-harvest handling activities for maize?
Let us talk to him and get the truth of the matter.
Thieves are detained at the police station.
Businesses have made losses during the coronavirus pandemic.
The challenges faced by oil palm growers will be addressed.
Her father threatened to beat her for refusing to do her house chores.
No law stops journalists from capturing political stories.
The public is advised to work hand in hand with contractors.
She is planning to quit her job.
The chairman addressed the community members.
Children also need life jackets.
Customers would buy goods from me every day.
It will create peace and understanding within the two groups.
That football player will return to the field after three months of suspension.
This country has many other problems besides the coronavirus pandemic.
His children do not show him any respect.
He has been crowned King of that kingdom.
I was called for a job interview.
The manager said it's not easy to manage company resources.
The residents cite dust all over the vicinity, something similar to that in Mombasa could do them well.
Everyone has a right to vote for the candidate of their choice.
Village mobilisers are recruited ahead of time.
We need to help women who get miscarriages.
A new mosque is being built.
This is one of the best performing schools in the country.
The players are given a break during the game.
The tombs were constructed for cultural events.
Hospitals are essential in the community.
The university administration is investigating the cause of the students' strike.
Ebola is a very dangerous disease which can lead to loss of life.
The cost of living in urban areas is high.
Fortunately, it is preventable with the help of effective vaccinations
The government has enhanced practical skills by establishing technical institutes.
Some hospitals ran out of oxygen during the lockdown.
The authority has lost so much money to tax debtors.
People should protect and conserve natural treasures for their own sake.
The players of the Confederation for African Football said so.
The students participated in community cleaning.
Elections have to always be free and fair.
The vehicle is due for service.
The team lost several matches.
The Tokyo Olympics were carried out amidst the pandemic.
Courts must give a fair and just ruling.
All seasonal markets should close in order to stop the spread of the disease.
One's family background may affect their performance at school.
She preached the Christian gospel to the people in his hometown.
My brother was arrested yesterday.
The transport fares have increased due to the coronavirus.
He wants to learn how to milk cows.
The president is very concerned about the security in the country.
This type of cancer affects mostly women who have intercourse with multiple partners.
I found them serving food.
What is the purpose of a bell?
The port is no longer useful.
This project is sponsored by a certain media station.
They were trained new skills of anti-riot control.
There is a high rate of deforestation.
The procedure for getting a working visa in this country is complicated.
They submitted their suggestions.
He fell and hurt his head.
Various sectors of the country have improved.
All committee members should wear face masks to prevent the spread of the virus.
Outrage is a feeling of anger and shock.
He transports fish in his car.
Every family member should play their role.
The report said that the money had been embezzled.
More youths have benefitted from the government projects.
Centenary Bank customers are rewarded for transacting using cente visa and cente agents.
She withdrew her instructions to have him arrested.
Everyone was shocked by the sudden death of the priest.
My uncle is a retired primary school teacher.
Some promises are never fulfilled.
Shillings is the currency used in Uganda.
He revealed that ambulances are among the items exempted from taxes.
Politicians in the district are greedy and selfish.
The local processors will provide a market for the palm oil farmers.
I thought all shops sell sugar at the same price.
Patients who recover quickly are discharged to create space in the wards.
Arua is now connected to power.
Urban areas have many talented people.
The maize leaves are full of holes because they are being eaten by pests.
Girls face complications during delivery.
I hate that song.
Each evening he brought meat at home.
Tomorrow is her day off from work.
The prevalent rate of the virus is nearly four per cent in West Nile.
Engineers should work with global organisations to enhance their skills.
One of the topmost former leaders of this country came from our village.
The development committee has constructed bore holes across the district.
The government now wants to examine all the transaction books of various companies.
Standing bridges will collapse at any time.
The room was painted blue.
There is a lot of bureaucracy in government operations.
She is chaotic but funny.
Some people cannot afford tuition fees at the university.
I say my prayers before going to bed.
The minister said that the murderers were mostly interested in women.
They were advised to pray for a peaceful community.
I drink more water during the day.
Piggybank can be a great way to teach children the importance of saving.
His manifesto focused on equality.
We visit our relatives during the holidays.
The community benefited from this organization.
Employment boosts the economy.
What's the size of your farmland?
It is good for us to always be together.
Road accidents have increased sharply in the country.
Leaders have encouraged people to work together.
The same process is employed in the awarding of scholarships.
It is irritating to spit in public.
Patients in rural areas find it hard to get drugs.
Human rights organisation are suing the police for its brutality.
He asked me several questions that I didn’t understand.
He said East African children aged below twelve are charged three hundred Kenyan shillings.
The accused was put in police custody.
The staff said they do not need female staff.
The dossier resulted in the court martialing of Besigye.
He has gone to visit his brother at school.
Corruption and unemployment are the most common problems in Uganda.
The disobedient are often punished more.
If your fuel runs low, the engine might not receive a steady supply of fuel.
Preparations to solve land disputes in Amuru are ongoing.
Every business aims at making a profit.
She gave out all her clothes to the orphans in her village.
The police are still investigating the cause of the fire.
There was a huge pothole in the road.
The women in our village apply beauty products.
The medical personnel have handled and contained coronavirus pandemic.
Everyone was silent when he was giving his speech.
The country will be pushed into another era of political instability.
Bad politicians always engage in illegal activities.
Twenty percent of the country's population are youths.
We do not know why he was murdered.
What is the reason for suing your father in court?
Talking about young Africans using smartphones.
People will get opportunities to engage in business activities.
The border patrol police have to check all the passengers.
The western world has an influence on our culture today.
People with diabetes can also take honey.
Proper investigation measures need to be put in place to fight drug theft.
They were found guilty of not providing security for the president.
The legislator presented the budget for the new financial year last week.
He is sorry for questioning the boss' orders.
He is strong, healthy and clever.
He was stationed in the neighboring country.
Innocent people were killed in Masaka district.
Boda Bodas is a faster means of transport compared to vehicles.
It is not right to kill someone.
Garbage is collected every month to avoid accumulation.
He was not welcomed into the community.
The gold medalists were more than the silver medalists.
Provoking people will release their unseen energy.
Uganda Revenue Authority collects taxes on behalf of the government.
All immigrants were tested for yellow fever.
Nightguards in Northern Uganda use bow and arrow to provide security.
Kagame thanked locals for their good work.
Doctors have advised us to social distance to protect ourselves against coronavirus.
Always at the forefront of driving connectivity in Africa
The money that was withdrawn remains unaccounted for.
My friend can speak both Luganda and English.
Mobilisation can be done in different ways.
We need to reach Masaka very fast
What diseases are caused by eating overstayed meat?
The Ministry of Health recruited more frontline health workers to help in the fight against coronavirus.
Five men have been arrested over theft of street lights.
The future of the girl child is vital to the nation.
A education centre will be established to facilitate research and new technological developments.
He encouraged them to plant more trees this year.
Isn't that a swamp?
The newer vehicle models require fewer services than previous models.
The president has passed here in his black car.
Some places in Kampala city flood when it rains heavily.
There is prostitution among girls in the area.
What causes some children not to pass well in school?
The president directed the ministry to decentralise health services.
The members have understood the value of having some savings.
The training will take two weeks.
They received more money.
The leader felt humbled by the local community's generosity and support.
The government facilities in our village need maintenance.
He arrived ten minutes late for the physical training.
Soccer is his favorite game.
This is because it is the leader of the federation government.
The people of Moyo district provided land for the refugees.
Our boss asked some of us to work from home so as to observe the standard operating procedures.
More birth rates lead to an increase in population.
Women had an empowerment session yesterday.
Her stomach ached after eating food.
She faxed the court today.
How can one create a successful business?
He was paid some money to lie about the kidnapping case.
Why did he leave the organization?
People with disabilities have been given sponsorships.
This year's election has many new candidates.
Parliament should put health issues first above anything else.
They moved from one village to another looking for food.
The message was translated into different languages.
Does this area have a good network?
The month of March has thirty-one days.
Besigye accused the National Resistance Movement of sectarianism.
Some people have acquired wealth from participating in athletics.
Usually, pilgrims get stranded after martyrs day celebrations.
The pastor led the congregation in a song of worship during his sermon.
There is more stability in Uganda than in other countries.
I haven't taken anything since morning.
Do you know how to drive a car?
Parenthood is a big responsibility.
Presidential candidates should observe the standard operating procedures as they go out to campaign.
Anthrax is not exactly contagious.
The medicine was provided by one of our sisters.
Victims of coronavirus should not be allowed to mix with those who are not.
Everyone entering the country by plane should test for coronavirus at the airport.
During my internship, I offered voluntary services to the company.
It's the court's responsibility to judge a person's wrongdoings
Nurse training schools equip nurses with the necessary skills to operate in the medical field.
Morocco is the most visited country in Africa.
There is a high mortality rate.
It is good to say thank you to God.
Epidemics usually spread fast.
Most of the students in her class failed mathematics.
The move does not resolve the problem.
Wetlands should not be destroyed.
He is now a major general in the army.
Up until the end of the nineteenth century when America was poor and agrarian.
Public needs restrictions on certain things.
This maize plant has rust because of the disease.
She was arrested as she tried to cross the border to Kenya.
The football players prepared for the major games.
My brother will get married to his wife next weekend.
Young girls lacked pads to manage menstrual periods.
The conversation by Tom Wheeler Speaking recently at Georgetown University.
The shopkeeper has arrived.
Some companies have closed their operations in Uganda.
He was falsely accused but let us wait for the court ruling.
Pregnant women are not allowed to donate blood.
The youths can now make liquid soap after the training.
The light in his office is dim.
What is the purpose of a coach on a team?
People were worried that they might contact coronavirus.
The church should not involve itself in politics.
A call is delivered at a point of interconnection in the zone indicated by the called number.
Power has been provided for the West Nile region.
politicians cultivate a political following by attending burial ceremonies
The government banned the sale of dangerous drugs.
She always worked hard while her sisters were busy playing.
Different farming techniques could be adopted to increase food production.
No team had scored a goal by the end of the second half of the match.
The team played five games before making it to the final match.
Some hospitals in Uganda lack enough medical officers.
The woman in the seat behind me was breastfeeding.
The conflict has encouraged robbery and theft.
What are half time scores?
Are public rallies necessary?
Which international football team do you support?
Why are you wearing a sweater on such a hot day?
Deforestation has great effects on climate.
News keeps us informed about very many things.
The minister had a meeting with the district leaders.
Successfully treated patients were discharged.
Whose properties are those?
The former president of America wanted to construct a wall around the country.
Police officers need to act professionally when executing their duties.
Local people will provide labour for construction companies.
My father enjoys listening to radio talk shows.
People are even more willing to support that.
Some lawyers defend clients who are guilty simply because they have money.
Leadership is God-given.
What did you use to make these bracelets?
All the students in the university rugby team are finalists.
Government Ministers in Uganda are well paid compared to other civil servants.
She agreed to marry him.
The thieves stole everything in the house and left it empty.
More young people joined the team in Uganda.
She wants to buy a new car.
The school uniform does not match at all.
Some of the people living in villages cannot afford basic needs like food.
The task force used the covid relief fund to buy food for vulnerable people.
I am so frustrated with work.
The current protocol on the free movement of vehicles will change next month.
People need twenty dollars to acquire treatment for either pneumonia, diarrhea, or measles.
Many people have lost their jobs during the pandemic season.
The technology establishes the order in the transport network.
He is still greatly celebrated because of his achievements.
More needs to be done to improve the general road infrastructure.
The cities have been allowed to start building roads.
Our science teacher died in a car accident while he was on his way to school.
Experts were contracted to connect the communication cables throughout the region.
Some animals in the national parks are endangered.
The hen has spent three days without laying on its eggs.
I am taking my academic documents to the manager.
Over thirty seven people were victims of the shooting.
The truck brought seven trips of sand.
Better processing methods can improve the quality of honey produced.
Business people should have good marketing skills.
Stop and go driving is wasteful.
The police should be provided with timely information on area matters.
We want to see is a cheque of eight hundred nine shillings.
Moyo town council lacks funds to improve service delivery in the area.
Leaders are advised to remain vigilant during these uncertain times.
How much would it cost me to build a house?
The district leaders have not given any support to the fire victims.
It is like he knew you were coming.
Elephants are commonly found in Africa.
He likes her voice.
People are practising mixed farming.
Italy is considered to have one of the worst gambling problems in the world
Policymakers support lower-income farmers who rely on crops for their livelihoods.
National water and sewerage corporation is establishing a water management project.
She made a lot of money from her second business.
Officers need to realize that police violence is outright bad policing.
Every politician is trying to gain support because of the upcoming elections.
The campaigns enable customers to call within their networks at big discount rates.
How have the people of Uganda benefited from the lockdown?
The plaintiff wasn't satisfied with the court ruling.
We have the liberty to worship God.
He has a garden of flowers in his compound.
Seaweed, water lilies play a big role in biofiltration.
Uganda is a democratic country.
The team will participate in the World Cup games.
What is the risk assessment?
Where is your home located?
Leaders should be responsible and enhance service provision
Many weddings have been rescheduled or even cancelled due to the pandemic.
She fell off the motorcycle while it was still moving.
The people were given confidence after the priest brought items for fundraising.
We all should love one another.
He has been fired from his job.
People have engaged in business activities to acquire income for survival.
I went to live with my sister because my house was destroyed by the fire.
When the girl got home, she removed her school uniform and went to shower.
The lecturers have not received their salaries for three months.
Women vendors complained to the market officers about sharing toilets with men.
We are most likely to have no yield from this plant.
Our school has a variety of sports activities.
Teachers greatly influence student's characters.
Previously, schools were used as quarantine centers.
The member of parliament donated a tonne of maize.
She was appointed acting president until the end of this presidential term.
This translates into twenty-one million two hundred thousand shillings a month.
His cow has been missing since last week.
She told me to wake her up when the teacher enters the class.
He regretted his actions at the party.
Most presidential candidates are attached to a political party.
The construction of more power dams will increase the amount of electricity produced.
He could not move without support.
They deployed enough security personnel at the venue.
The affected leaf might have been due to bad weather.
The district should create a stable environment for people to participate in the business.
Representatives of the supreme council vowed to stop the installation of the new Khadi.
The government has ordered that anyone found fishing illegally on the lakes should be arrested.
Cases then fell to thirty in September and twenty-five in October.
Murder is a criminal offence punishable by law.
Some people refuse to wear face masks because they feel uncomfortable.
We live next to each other.
Most corruption cases get thrown out of court due to lack of evidence
Several projects have been put in place to skill the youths.
What inspires people to plant trees?
Which services should be performed and how often?
I can make money out of chapati selling business.
They are not considered for loans yet other soldiers can access them.
Teachers have contributed to the growth of the education system in Uganda.
Meetings longer than two hours should be avoided.
Smoking causes Cancer.
Students fail to concentrate on their studies because of strikes.
Health facilities will be installed to prevent the spread of Ebola in the country.
Employers need to show concern for their employees.
The impact on intergroup relations should not be ignored.
She wondered which path the friends had taken.
Before his death, he sang many songs in his language.
Big football clubs usually buy good players from small ones.
The celebration will take place at the district headquarters.
There was no medicine at the health centre.
Their coach assured them that they would be more than ready for the match on Monday.
No one is allowed to deliver food personally for admitted patients.
My father reads the newspaper every day.
Many people lose their lives because of armed robberies in the country.
He is the head of the Muslim association in this district.
Students are sponsored for education by their parents or guardians.
The organization comprises both men and women.
Theft is a criminal offence.
He diverted the church funds to personal use.
He sold that piece of land to my friend.
The district health department should purchase tool boxes for transporting blood samples.
His Rolex watch is very costly.
All the teams hold the sixth place in the table standings.
The winners were rewarded with trophies and money.
Who was the man of the match?
These girls have undertaken internship programs in hotels.
The participants' names were listed in alphabetical order.
The market will be renovated.
Most of the locals here cannot afford to feed their families.
The land matter was taken to court yesterday.
It is a matter of time, if something is to be yours, it will be.
What should the government do to raise education standards?
The fire and rescue team should procure more firefighting equipment.
I have listened to women whose husbands are in prison on genocide charges.
I do not have a birth certificate.
Honey plants produce nectar for bees.
The low maize production was caused by the long drought.
Most students in rural areas were not able to study online during the lockdown.
Various efforts are being done to ensure improved medical statuses through sensitization.
All soccer matches have been postponed for three months.
All the family members disagreed with land registration.
We are all required to go for medical checkups before returning to school.
The people of Adjumani need a stable water supply.
Malaria kills more people than other diseases.
Trees provide us with shade.
He was involved in an accident which left his arm broken.
The ambulance needs to be repaired.
Entrepreneurs seize available business opportunities.
He is a basketball player.
Why do people hunt wild animals?
An investment of four billion dollars will be made over a decade.
Her story has never been told to the public.
Smoking damages the sense of smell.
The night is fairly peaceful.
Their team has won the interschool finals for the past two years.
The president will be the guest of honour at the ceremony.
She always wears trendy fashions.
The football season has just started.
There is an initial stage for every process.
What are some of the problems associated with hosting refugees in the country?
Six other schools from that region will also benefit from the project.
She is twelve years old.
His fans will always remember him.
We need to collaborate with potential stakeholders.
He did not have enough evidence to win the case.
Some injuries can result into permanent damage.
She narrated the whole trip to her friends.
Can the media criticize the President?
Students should be able to report back to school in time.
Some of the cars on the road are in a very poor state.
She is very talkative.
The government distributed coffee seeds to farmers in my village.
He has gone for the Climate Change conference in Japan.
He can no longer walk without support, and his right leg is broken.
Her family condemned her for getting pregnant when she is still in school.
So far, many people have died of that disease.
The government is not run by responding to all sorts of allegations
Only those with savings can happily leave their jobs.
Investigations show that members of the legislature earn the biggest salary amongst public servants.
The General didn't act according to the law.
Players have to sign contracts with their clubs
Meetings must have a venue.
The Confederation of African football will get new bidders.
The major point in the breakup was whether to participate in the forthcoming elections.
After getting the operation, her husband accepted her back.
The nurse sees many patients every day.
Some politicians are good at making empty promises.
More youths should take part in community outreaches.
The trip around the country will take three days.
The event marks the start of the activities.
Hand washing is one of the ways to prevent the spread of the virus.
There were many registered voters below eighteen years.
Kampala Capital City Authority has given farmers disease-resistant maize seedlings.
The witness says that he saw everything with his eyes.
Security forces need to execute their duties with due diligence.
The competition's voting management leader was Renuka Kirpalani
People are now protective of themselves
All candidates were urged to conduct non-chaotic campaigns.
l wonder why there is too much nepotism in the politics of our country.
The cement firm also extends free maternal health care to the neighboring communities.
It is unlawful to litter in public.
I will wash the dishes after lunch.
Some Muslims are not content with the actions of their leaders.
Italy records over one thousand coronavirus cases every day.
She survived a deadly accident.
When did you get married?
She gave sound reasons but was disappointed in her conclusion.
His initial statement about the murder differs from his recent one.
Business owners in Uganda opt for online marketing to contain pandemic challenges.
We believe that the pandemic will at one time cease to exist in the community.
No one knows why she decided to divorce her husband.
Officials have given opening remarks for a two days education conference.
During the coronavirus season, many people have suffered in different ways.
Experts say that business owners need to be knowledgeable in order to be successful.
The students are scared of examinations.
Ugandans started an online petition to save Murchison falls.
The company is said to have had ninety soldiers.
People should safeguard their lives and property.
The minister of health confirmed the yellow fever outbreak.
Many people are scared of contacting cough.
What are some of the challenges you face while raising funds?
Most of the people who get elected to public office have little incentive.
She went to the hospital yesterday.
Everyone is responsible for stopping corruption.
Media rights groups would do a lot for their reputations.
The Dairy development authority has spearheaded milk production, processing and supply.
Besigye has stood three more times against Museveni.
Many people escape from prison lately.
God has the best plan for my life.
District councillors and members of parliament, both deliver different plans for the district to people
Some universities promote sports.
Have you been running?
Have they thought of manufacturing the phone parts from Uganda rather than importing them?
Some government officials have come to assess the damage done by the landslide.
The president has privately given money to some individuals.
The leader will use the money to aid his constituency during the coronavirus pandemic.
Why is good hygiene important?
He sent a message to his father for financial help.
We have a very good strategy in defeating this line of business.
The police and the army are working together to improve security in the country.
The nurse took a sample of my blood to the laboratory to test for malaria.
She hurried back home to find her young children.
More people have been infected with the virus
She never got over the shock of the tragic accident.
Farmers will be able to preserve milk and prevent contamination.
Most African countries are ethnically and religiously diverse.
Her article was published in the school magazine.
Where is your son?
Did you know that frogs also lay eggs?
The minister was the chief guest at the graduation ceremony.
Can you believe that elections are next month?
There are ongoing efforts to transform the Kenyan police.
This is his final year at the university.
He had time to pick up some ashes from the fire.
The change in seasons confused farmers on when to plant their crops.
Uganda has a big budget this year.
I did not receive the money that the government promised us.
People should vote for potential leaders.
That musician sang an inspirational song during the women's day celebrations.
She was wearing golden jewelry.
Business owners don't have money to pay taxes.
People should be involved in decision making.
Teenagers are not interested in what I have to say but I have to talk to them.
Countries should learn from the experiences of fellow countries.
All farmers should register their land with the land committee.
One of the government's priority is to provide agricultural equipment to the farmers.
Her brother is planning to start a mushroom farm in Jinja.
She has not disclosed the dates when students are to go back to school.
Most mountainous areas cannot be accessed by vehicle.
You have no reason to fear.
My goal is to do at least one mathematics number every day.
When is Father's Day celebrated?
How many regions are found in Uganda?
Eid is celebrated every year.
We should always take feedback in good faith.
The government says there is no money to help people to study online.
He asked his former girlfriend to give him another chance.
Landowners register their land to get a land title.
Avoid walking alone at night.
People can now replace their lost sim cards.
Prolonged droughts have affected farming.
The farmer has two children.
That is my casual dress.
The coronavirus treatment is very expensive.
It is not true that every politician is financially stable.
Its members fled before the eyes of the people they controlled for so long.
He was sick of malaria.
Voter bribery is not a good thing.
Some hospitals in the country lack intensive care unit services.
The police should ensure justice for the defiled.
The mosquito nets are planned to be distributed all over the country.
The shooting happened in the evening when the students were playing football.
Some roads were named after people.
This is a new leadership strategy for the community.
Boreholes were constructed during my regime.
It is hard to acquire the market for new business in Uganda.
They are building a modern taxi park.
Some of the yellow leaves on this plant are folded on one side.
The police are investing the recent death of some locals.
People should be sensitized on the importance of male circumcision.
We prepared the evidence early enough before the next court sitting.
The graduates chose to join the army as it was the only employment source.
Grasshoppers are common during the rainy season in November.
Cargo drivers need to ensure the safety of the goods they are transporting.
The dispute can be decided under Swiss legal procedures and guidelines.
Some farmers lack enough market for their produce.
The accused shaded tears in court to try and prove her innocence.
People are worried about the outcome of this year's election.
Thousands of Christians gather to remember and celebrate the life of the martyrs.
Women are not great time managers.
If you believe in yourself, you shall achieve big.
The minister urged the community not to chase away these locusts.
The company now has a new branch.
People involved in corruption will be charged according to the law.
How much did he sell his car?
Winners exercise certain traits that cause them to win.
The international schools in Uganda are very expensive.
Where do you fellowship from on Sundays?
He told us to make good friends.
The people from the West Nile have several cultural activities.
Very few boda boda riders have new motorcycles.
Do not believe every propaganda.
They expected a special token from the guest of honour.
I make monthly payments on the loan.
Laws have been established to prevent fraud and other related crimes.
His son was crushed to death by a rolling rock last year.
The president of Uganda flagged off the athletes to the African athletics competitions.
What are some of the challenges faced by the Uganda police?
It is difficult to quit smoking because of the addiction.
Elders have called for stability and order in the area.
Protests can lead to death.
It allows health workers to monitor the patient.
Landslides are common in mountainous areas because their soils are weak.
The wages for each civil servant are to be increased.
After winning the elections, he came back and thanked the villagers for voting for him.
The army recovered many guns from local civilians in the Northern region.
We should stand together with those who are suffering from heart diseases.
Diversity makes unity a little complicated.
The final act left everyone in shock.
His spouse helped him to overcome alcohol addiction gradually.
Make sure you brush your teeth.
Every expenditure was recorded.
The constant power supply in a given area attracts investments.
Constitutions should be used to promote peace.
The parliamentarian will be charged in the courts of law.
Agriculture is the backbone of Uganda's economy.
I am almost getting done.
Can you give me a lift to town?
The land around Kampala is very expensive.
Load shedding will increase due to the decrease in water levels of Lake Victoria.
Surely, you are not okay.
Some songs played on this show bring back good memories.
How often do you read your Bible?
The new team manager is determined to win this year's trophy.
They requested to be given a second chance.
Some physical fights can lead to death.
What is the purpose of irrigation?
He is a liar, I can’t trust him.
You need to hand over power to another person.
That man chased his wife from their house.
What laws are in place to fight against sexual harassment?
She went to the salon to wash her hair.
I think I left my umbrella in your car.
Ministry of health is ensuring that standard operating procedures are followed.
Activities to ensure a healthy population are being advised by the Ministry of Health
There is no discrimination in my village.
Africa accounts for twenty-one percent of China's arms exports, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute
Whenever I think about her, I smile.
He advised the community to take the curfew seriously.
A jigger treatment lotion will be made by the Saraya company.
Hearing aids have done wonders for the deaf.
Timber is very useful to people.
Zimbabwe made the mistake in the first nine months of two thousand nineteen.
That organization is responsible for keeping the blood we donate safely.
It has soiled our freedom and we need to pick it up.
Where is your place of residence?
For now, she is the woman leader of the two districts.
Our mathematics teacher inspired us to do better.
The president will support the club where they are lacking.
Murchison falls is located in the North-Western part of the country.
How often are world championships held?
The minister advised teachers to be united to achieve their goals.
How many marks did you score on the test?
The officials want to market the beautiful scenes of West Nile.
The budget must be revised.
It is good to love whatever you do.
Women empowerment is one of the goals in the organization.
The government lacks finances to establish new infrastructures in the area.
The leaders had a team-building workshop.
The locals were angry with the district leaders for closing the market.
Accountants can best manage money-related issues.
The shops basically deal with women's wear.
They defend their privileges in the language of rights.
Solar lights were installed on the streets.
The disagreement between the people and government has not changed.
Government authorities should address the needs of the general public.
Her husband terribly beat her up.
The university was advised to have fire extinguishers in every building.
I have sent her to the market.
Burundi is a small country.
Wetlands help to purify water.
Priests are appointed and allocated a church to serve in.
Doctor Seth explained that people are still dying of vaccine-preventable diseases.
The road to the parish should be constructed.
It will take a while for the country's economy to go back where it was.
What did your husband say?
My teachers used to say that we have to become problem solvers.
The people are computer literates.
The desert locusts have eaten all the leaves on our crops.
Many start-up companies die early.
The yield of maize this season was very poor for most farmers.
The ambulances were impounded over tax payment.
He has incurred the wrath of the National Resistance Movement regime with trials, teargas.
The school headteacher was also arrested for misusing the school development funds.
We need to add new stock to the shop next month.
Our mother always encouraged us to pray every day.
Markets remained open during the lockdown so that people could buy food.
Onduparaka desperately needs to get the three points off the Kasasiro boys.
Our National football team qualified for next year's Africa cup of nations.
Some districts in Uganda do not have referral hospitals.
During the dry season, the sun was very hot.
The house that they were building has collapsed.
She was very happy when she got a new smartphone.
We were captured by rebels.
From one hundred feet away, mosquitoes can smell your scent.
The organization wanted a new Board of Directors.
You should test for malaria and typhoid.
He looked for his coin and found it.
Cows, goats and sheep are examples of domestic animals with horns.
Political parties have endured the problems the forum intended to stop.
An industrialists and manufacturers' conference was underway.
He narrated the details from the ceremony.
How many people are in Uganda currently?
The two organizations signed an agreement to settle their quarrel.
The farmers are complaining about pests affecting their crops.
He behaves differently these days.
Her husband cheated on her with their housemaid.
The appointment caused bickering among National Resistance Movement officials in Kampala.
Pupils are not well fed at school.
The United Nations has helped African countries in fighting against the pandemic.
Arcades and shopping malls were closed during the lockdown.
There is an increase in gender based violence these days.
The company does not have money to pay employees' salaries.
Women will have access to free medical services which will improve their lives
Education should be given priority.
He took his clothes to the tailor for mending.
My father beats my mother.
The government should allocate more funds towards sports activities.
We were advised to go for regular health check-ups.
The headteacher explained why parents aren't allowed in the school during non-visiting days.
He was requested to pay for the medicine.
I believe that Jesus Christ died and rose again.
This behaviour tarnished the image of the party.
Have you signed your work contract?
She advised prostitutes to distance themselves from truck drivers.
An insider's view on how National Resistance Movement lost the broad base'
A witness is one with concrete evidence that actually something happened.
They apologized for the improper use of the grant they had received.
Every new city in Uganda needs to be planned for.
Some parts of the body are stitched after medical surgery.
Some researchers work from rural areas in the country.
Polluting the water with chemical waste poisons the water and kills fish.
Did you have enough food?
The hospital structure has been revised.
There are land disputes in the Northern part of Uganda.
My sister is an international fashion designer.
The manager is expected to endorse these recommendations.
Accident and emergency units are being equipped.
In Kayunga district, most of the gardens have diseased maize plantations.
Overspeeding is one of the causes of accidents on the road.
What is the name of that town?
All movements by ambulances are monitored.
The football match ended in a draw.
He was often before the parliament human rights committee to assure legislators of the efforts.
He is the striker of the school team.
Theft is rampant in Kampala city and peri-urban areas.
As a way of managing your finances well, you can come up with a personal budget.
The constitution will promote unity among people.
Appearing before the court is an opportunity for one to prove their innocence.
The farmer has bought planting seeds.
She was attacked by armed robbers last night.
Under what conditions can the court grant one bail?
The teacher is dictating notes for his students.
We sang very beautiful hymns during the service.
Religious organizations have established many hospitals with quality services across the country.
Most of them are self-employed.
This is classified information.
That teacher has a passion for sports and politics.
Production of waragi was banned in Uganda.
The Chinese government has supported the economic growth of many African countries.
This is targeting our consumers in the bracket that cannot afford the expensive products.
People need to be sensitized on issues of climate change.
Many of the victims were hacked to death or beheaded.
Uganda is endowed with beautiful nature.
Leasing is also one way of putting to use idle assets.
He came with a beautiful girl to the party.
There is a meeting between the two presidential candidates.
He is looking forward to starting his new job.
It will be so good to have a cooked meal.
Husbands should respect their wives.
The rise of African leaders to power.
It is not good to eat a lot of beef.
Onduparaka is a very good team when they have possession.
Several people were killed as a result of violence.
The dinner was scheduled for Friday evening.
He promised to fulfil the pledge he made.
What roles are played by the permanent secretary in government organizations?
The goats have drunk the water that was in the basin.
We are tired of people who do not respect others.
He says long gone are the days of amateur football.
Every child has a right to basic needs.
The organization donated sanitary pads to primary seven girls.
Money laundering is an illegal activity.
How much are you donating to vulnerable people?
The minister was standing on the right side of the ambassador in the picture.
They consulted their lawyers and the public.
Our team won the national soccer finals.
All the outfits are unique.
He was diagnosed with cancer.
His brother serves in the army of Uganda.
For a district to develop, all government bodies involved have to cooperate.
The ministry will put science into considerations when they embrace the project.
The king called for unity among his people.
All presidential candidates had arrived at Bombas ground by 3 pm.
A land title helps one prove that they own the land they have
They gnaw away at the heart of "We the people" balance and transparency.
Some women can play football.
There is no problem admitting our mistakes.
Your achievements can make you stand out from the rest.
There is no reason why bee suppliers have not received the money.
The parliament of Uganda finally approved the budget.
That piece of land is privately owned.
This man was born with one arm.
Murder is such a sin.
More than fifty animals are killed in a year.
How many national parks are in Uganda?
They got to find out the arrangements through the media.
He convinced prisoners that they needed to do something about their unfair situation.
He has many fans around the world.
The doctor diagnosed him with food poisoning.
The ministry of health wants to improve the quality of oxygen in referral hospitals
The traditional ceremony took place last week.
We celebrated our father on father's day.
I have great memories of high school.
The examination has started.
Some officials use government vehicles for leisure purposes.
The health workers have been cognizant and have handled the virus effectively.
The cat was moving with its tail lifted.
She knows how to weave baskets.
A change of guard but not a fundamental change in our politics.
Onduparaka played without their captain.
The transport fees are high.
Students are encouraged to develop a skill like cooking.
Modern-day women cook on gas, electricity, and charcoal stoves.
She died of a heart attack.
Infected patients need to be isolated to avoid contacts with the uninfected.
He went to his brother's office to get some money.
Military health facilities treat security personnel.
Why do you threaten people?
What are the symptoms of malnourishment?
Leaders are advised to stay away from corruption.
The team is playing a friendly match with the team from the neighbouring camp.
He was locked in a prison cell.
People should not engage in any form of immoral activities.
How do I connect my laptop to the internet?
Businessmen do not understand how taxes work.
She is sweeping the compound.
They were advised to give up on the land.
Sports activities in our school are done in the second term.
District officials have failed to implement district plans.
Fishers carry out fishing activities at the landing site.
She is pursuing a degree in fashion and design.
The hospital hired more nurses.
Money is shifted to a small group of party bigwigs.
The coronavirus pandemic has forced employers to cut employees salaries.
They can use the tribal identity views to get political power.
There is income inequality in Uganda.
A rich man in our town donated the land for construction of the barracks.
There is an increase in the number of patients, yet the health workers are few.
They will start construction by clearing trees.
That musician has very many fans.
The government inspector general has failed to collect twenty-four billion Ugandan shillings.
Companies are fond of corporate social responsibility.
What happened to your arm?
The quality of education provided to children should be improved.
As a war strategy, he used the struggle against the military junta in Uganda.
What did you do in order to excel?
He ensured that people have access to better services.
He has been poor his entire life.
The manager criticizes his work a lot.
Ugandans are very strong people
The government gave me this mobile phone,
The government assured citizens of protection and safety.
The headmistress from her former school recommended her for the scholarship.
His friend gave him black trendy jeans.
There are many wild animals in this forest.
Which car brand do you prefer?
When our dog gave birth, we sold off the puppies.
It would have to be a crisis.
National water will expand water supply by seven million litres a day.
I was involved in forming that organization.
We shall employ the necessary people to strategize
What a wonderful day this is?
Extend your sit to the wall.
Some patients can be treated from home.
The fans were angry that she made them wait for over six hours.
Family planning has helped girls to avoid early pregnancies.
My best friend has a heart disease.
The surface of the stone is smooth.
The football players have gone on vacation.
She pays a lot of taxes because she owns several businesses in the city.
Everyone heard the announcement.
The organization is providing free treatment and care of people with this viral disease.
What should be done to support the tourism sector in Uganda?
Our city mayor collapsed after he lost to his opponent.
There is an increase in the maternal mortality rate in the district.
For how long will I study this course?
The directors will have a meeting tomorrow to determine if the company is performing as expected.
All university branches have the same company teachings.
The funds will be transferred to the group bank account.
She makes good saddles from cowhide.
The authority is using domestic engineers.
Women and girls need protection from the government.
I explored through the town before settling there.
What is the necessity of holding party primary elections?
The youth should be sensitized and educated about what is best for their lives
I do not know how to ride a motorcycle.
Being a university student, I have to go to the university campus.
The flower vase is empty.
Sports journalists play a great role in promoting football in Uganda.
He cuts off his hair every month.
The district does not provide any help to the positive cases at the district.
The tenant was jailed for failing to pay his five months’ rent.
The old woman uses firewood to cook.
My son studies at a nearby school.
The global attention for faraway countries is short.
Commercial agriculture will increase Uganda's exports.
The university is receiving applications from those who want to join this year.
People give tithe and offerings when they go to church.
Men disrespected her because of her dressing style
The technology links and connects people to different businesses.
On teachers day they were cautioned to love their students like their own.
The dry season is not favourable for the animals.
The company will minimize the amount of water that we already use.
The cannibals were living in the hills.
Leaders are responsible for maintaining peace in their communities.
Each political party has one representative.
Are in the bible college.
Where can I park my car?
The funds were embezzled.
Police continues to arrest top politicians in the country.
Report theft cases to the authorities.
The district organised meetings to solve the disputes among the people.
The mayor gave the team a token of appreciation for winning the match yesterday.
Uganda breweries to use fifty percent less water in the year two thousand twenty.
I enjoy watching basketball matches.
Ripe bananas are sweet.
Midwives assist women while giving birth.
She learned to be patient while staying with her children during the lockdown.
The police used sniffer dogs to search for the suspects.
The leader thanked the women for participating actively in training.
She said Kaggwa always delivered his reports within the statutory period.
The police will have no mercy on people who engage in criminal activities.
The two did not know each other before that race
Many women grow vegetables.
The traffic officers have got a new uniform.
We shall support you on whatever decision that you make.
Research says that the coronavirus can attack the human brain.
The coach asked all the football players to run three laps around the field.
He was satisfied by the excellent service at the restaurant.
We are going to get timber from these trees.
They walk thirty-two miles to Soroti town to get medicine.
What is the retirement age for the clergy?
This disease has affected all the people in our community.
Pipes are put underground to help in the movement of water to the users.
The match has been postponed because one of the team managers tested positive this morning.
He was involved in multiple crimes.
Call me after thirty minutes.
Many people were robbed last night.
The wall will be a centre for business activities.
He volunteered to chair the meeting.
The tuition fees vary across the different educational institutions.
Our district chairperson has declared that this will be his last term in office.
Hospital name shouldn't be an issue to debate about.
Both the Catholic and Anglican churches have dioceses in Uganda.
The town clerk should show transparency when administering duties.
They discovered that the banker was Ugandan.
Early efforts to criminalize vote-buying in the United States of America were resisted.
Poor nutrition during pregnancy hinders the development of the unborn child.
Food runs the lives of people in every situation
She is looking at the stars.
I would have drowned if the fishermen didn't help me.
Employees of certain organizations must be in uniform while on duty.
They amended the constitution amidst controversial times.
There is a need for innovation around testing kits for various diseases.
Winnie said: "It would be suicidal".
She has been appointed prime minister of Uganda.
The football team has missed all its chances to score a goal.
The police are supposed to handle people's issues.
She stays in a dusty place.
Life is what you make it to be.
people see politicians as corrupt and therefore rich but this isn't always the case.
She has a lot of hair.
The other sixteen ordinary shareholders will be part of the main club.
What is the size of your septic tank?
Cultural dances are interesting.
The player says he will never forget his first game.
The journalists had a workshop yesterday.
The water levels in Lake Victoria are rising because of the recent heavy rains.
My sister has a gap in between her teeth.
Many children are bullied while in school.
The football coach told the journalists that he was pleased with the performance of his players.
The dispute was not resolved.
Up to fifty-eight percent rent and the rent in Uganda is very high.
The organization monitors flights across the country.
He has signed a contract with another football team.
Girls have monthly periods.
The way to abolish poverty is through each family in Uganda and Africa.
He took a lot of alcohol and became very drunk.
There was a picture of the newly constructed road in the newspapers.
Try to fill the fuel tank when you have a long journey.
The meeting did not yield much.
She hired a driver that will drive his children to and from school.
We suspect that certain standards have not been met by the developers.
There are different activities one can do to get money.
Why do fathers neglect their responsibilities?
In two thousand ten, the voter increase has been one hundred percent.
The party should set up a code of conduct.
Mark Zuckerberg is focused on giving people a voice, and bringing people together.
Students are always encouraged to work very hard.
Some people are miserable because of the problems they have.
Teachers that teach in government schools are on the government payroll.
They joined the rest of the world to demand justice for the deceased.
Animals too mate in order to reproduce.
Only Ugandan citizens are eligible to receive national identity cards.
These challenges are affecting the general business community.
Her family confirmed that she passed away peacefully in her sleep.
The pupils wrote the notes in their class books.
She dressed up in a black dress.
Hydraulic pilings stabilize it in rough waters.
People should be cognizant because the spread of the virus starts with them.
A man cuts his neighbor's hand after quarreling over their land boundaries.
We need to adapt to the technological changes in the world today.
That professor teaches physics at the university.
This is because it wasn't based on an open bidding process.
He is the most popular politician.
What are the rest of the children doing?
That house has a high fence to keep out thieves.
He wants to be successful in life.
Usually, the employer sets a target number of required recruits.
The firm is also in preparation to rehabilitate the land in Katani, Machako county.
Donors give warning remarks over corruption.
A death sentence is a sentence condemning a convicted defendant to death.
She wrestled with the loss of her marriage.
Political parties need to empower their members.
I was forced to resign.
This pandemic has made their lives hard.
There was a crocodile resting on the shores of the lake.
The church needs to save its money in the bank.
Who killed the bus driver?
Couples are encouraged to use family planning methods as a way of controlling population growth.
How many people will you invite to your wedding?
She eats raw carrots.
Doctors and nurses put in a lot to make sure people are treated and healed
Some help people involved in political struggles.
He wants to change the organization.
When we repent God forgives our sins.
I would like to show this through a quick examination of the main issues.
The role of the church is to spread the gospel.
They failed to agree all through the meeting.
We should develop generic guidelines for supervision.
Student loans are available now.
University guild presidents are elected every academic year.
Is it true that she bribed student voters to vote for her?
Some cinema halls in Uganda show football games.
It would be the saving grace for a bloc that generally had a bad year politically.
Many journalists encounter challenges while covering the news.
The church was established before the year two thousand.
Large organizations were asked for assistance.
The football fans were excited for the team players selected by the coach.
The president must be given protection.
The food was distributed because the refugees are poorly fed.
Is Burundi part of the East African Community?
This is a biography about a man that moved from one job to another.
The kickboxing team will be competing in another country.
The city has so many police officers deployed on its streets.
Her brother is now a kickboxer.
Companies have been advised to register; otherwise, they will not get the opportunities available.
The grains of this maize plant are bigger in size which is not normal.
It is possible to score very many goals in a basketball match.
This letter was written by my young daughter.
In rural areas, women still don't have access to the financial system.
Four candidates in Arua sat their Uganda Certificate of Examinations from outside.
Where will I benefit from?
The parents are grateful for the support given to the children by the organisation.
She accidentally dropped her phone in the water.
Some people get irritated when they hear a baby crying.
He promised to kill the thieves.
He said he would do anything to retain his seat.
We expressed our grievances during the meeting.
The murder case should be investigated.
Assets of corrupt officials should be frozen when proven guilty
The book can be read by high school students studying history.
While still in primary seven, she selected secondary schools of her choice.
His father died when he was two years old.
He innovated the flying machines and concentrated solar power that we enjoy today.
The party was really colourful.
The price of sugar increased to seven thousand Uganda shillings last month.
The food at times requires supplements to taste better.
Fights between brothers and sisters are common these days.
The resources available to the individual politician and to the state are different.
He sang in a loud voice.
Do you have any vacancies at your company?
We have inadequate money.
Where do we find ants?
One of the main leisure activities for men in Uganda is drinking alcohol.
Report any suspicious people or activities to the authorities.
These types of men are irritating.
He had just joined senior one when schools were closed.
Political parties discipline their members who go astray from the parties' rules and guidelines.
I got my jacket from the clothes that were brought to the orphanage.
He cried out in pain.
District officials have laid plans aimed at ensuring rural transformation.
No one is above the law in Uganda.
You need to be precise when presenting to us your project idea.
The group ran into Kenya and headed for its coast and the city of Mombasa.
They blocked him from accessing the offices.
What is the retirement age for government workers?
Don't risk walking at night alone.
The task force agreed to buy food for poor people.
Among other outstanding works is an Italian artist.
She smuggled a radio into school.
An unknown resident of Kampala was put under mandatory self-quarantine.
Individuals who meet the eligibility criteria will be employed.
The mother of the boys was grateful for the opportunity given.
I am delighted that you arrived safely.
The president shared his objectives during the term of office.
Entrepreneurs are risk-takers.
People are being advised to plant more trees.
He was given disease-free bean seedlings last season.
Almost all of the prisons in Uganda are government-owned.
I received a message on my phone that money had been paid.
They are finding ways that will help them guide the community's decision-making process.
Sam Rwakoojo's contract had expired.
She wrote a letter to her longtime friend.
Some people believe that learning never ends.
Parents want their children to have better lives than them.
She is his former wife.
His maize plantation was destroyed by pests.
Where did you get this money from?
Some children in villages walk several miles to school.
The chairman said a water accident occurred today.
Bacteria can develop a resistance against some treatments.
They transferred him to another hospital.
You can eat food either at a restaurant, hotel or at home.
He encouraged me to start a business.
He talked to journalists after winning the race.
Temperature is measured in degrees.
Everyone who attended the event ate food until they were satisfied.
The age limit bill has not yet been passed.
The government should fill the food gap and provide enough facilities.
Why is it so difficult for people to tell the truth?
He scored the first goal in the football match.
The International Crisis Group reported that there is a quarrel between Rwanda and Uganda.
One and half million people died of vaccine-related diseases in two decades.
I don't know why my performance has deteriorated.
She thought I did not know how to play cards.
The parish celebrated its golden jubilee last year.
This was the anti-climax of the bloc's twentieth anniversary.
Parents have a stake in discussing student sponsorship facilitation.
The pandemic caused disruption to many business activities.
The police spokesperson appealed to the communities not to take the law into their hands.
We switched off the lights while going to bed.
Hopefully, before it is too late.
The police raided his home and arrested him for murdering his girlfriend.
Hima cement factory is located in a state where Bamburi was many years ago.
There has been a decrease in the number of infections over the past month.
Children are greatly affected when their parents separate.
My niece could not finish the juice because it was stale.
The land should be given to the rightful owners.
Usually, the parties are given an opportunity to work out their relationships.
We need a new place where we can deposit the sewerage.
They signed a twelve-year agreement.
In most cases, communication strengthens relationships.
What should we do to nurture the environment?
They deserved a break from all the school work.
The confederation recently made headlines.
Her mother recovered from breast cancer.
He persuaded the group leaders to make cash payments in his office.
I think the government needs to weigh the options very critically.
Air transport is the most expensive means of transport.
My son likes to run around the house naked after his bath.
The company pays over ten million Ugandan shillings in taxes every year.
I am the most paid employee in the organization.
The public should be aware of forest reserve areas.
The leaders thanked Christians for their commitment to developing God's work.
Cases regarding land are on the rise due to mismanagement.
The government provided blankets to the people that were affected by the floods.
The members of Busoga Royal concepts led by David Nsiyona received the contribution.
What course did you study at the university?
Since two thousand seventeen, Burundi banned the export of fruits and vegetables to Rwanda.
The police should have protected him from himself.
Employees are encouraged to take leave in order to improve their health.
This is because of the worsening relationship Between them and Kigali.
Teachers equipped students with skills and knowledge.
Every after an investigation, the police give a report.
Politicians have to campaign in order to win an election.
The church has done a lot to instil positivity among the masses.
Some irresponsible members have worked to tear apart this party.
Many people do not have much money to spare.
The lady divorced her husband.
There are many insects in the soil.
The Bishop was very grateful to all people that donated money.
The contacts of the patients were left to go.
They asked the government to help in the setting up of industries in that area.
This area lies just over the Rwenzori mountain from the Uganda border.
The general public has been informed of the upcoming sickle cell campaign.
This was because of the previous president Omar Hassan al-Bashir.
The ministry of tourism has launched the story about Idi Amin.
During the lockdown, priority was given to treatment of coronavirus patients.
Coronavirus patients are under strict observation.
The car was damaged beyond repair.
The election results were released very late.
Uganda's athletics are winning a lot of medals.
The national Identification card does not guarantee voter registration.
I travel by bus to school.
Lions and crocodiles eat warthogs
Who are the suspects in this case?
Workers can now choose to work from home or come to the office.
Most businesses today collapse because they employ family members, friends, and relatives.
He tried to make jokes so as to make her happy.
Regular audits should be done at the district level to curb corruption
My wall clock is five minutes behind.
The Uganda martyrs are part of Uganda's history.
Bacteria, germs, viruses and parasites cause foodborne diseases.
We forwarded the issue to the district heads.
Initiatives were designed to transform the security and justice sector.
What are some of the challenges facing the health sector of Uganda?
Anyone can celebrate anything.
The community supports religious leaders in different ways.
Customers are charged transaction fees when withdrawing money from their accounts.
Every person has the potential to be successful in life.
Uganda collects a lot of income from tourism every year.
She used the bucket to fetch water for use on the farm.
This system would reduce the incentive of individual politicians.
There is strong competition in the elections.
My daughter is excited about the reopening of schools.
What are the causes of food shortage?
Fire outbreaks have to be insured by business owners.
Leadership is an opportunity given to serve the people.
It needs commitment to fulfil a task.
What are the benefits of doing research?
She is saving money to start her own business in the future.
My friend has lost his grandmother.
It is our neighbouring country.
Murchison falls should be left untouched.
The mayor refused to attend the district meeting.
When are we getting paid?
He wants people to work together before, during and after elections.
They wanted to go into the bedroom and shoot him.
How do you write an objective?
All children must be immunized.
Our wedding ceremony was in the month of June.
Of what benefit is Bible study to a Christian?
Malaria in pregnant women can cause miscarriages.
She reported her husband to her family because he was forcing her to change her religion.
Take highways instead of city streets when possible.
The government will find a solution for the children who stopped learning.
There is an understanding between the two Universities.
Do you think you are a king?
Only six suspects were detained.
Have you submitted your assignment?
Majority of the youth in the country are motorists
The Muslims gave their full support to the newly elected Kadhi.
Our workers should go and enjoy themselves on this special day.
What should be included in a funeral program?
Uganda beat South Sudan in the African qualification game this week.
Uganda lost thirty seven health workers to coronavirus in July.
The bank recorded a forty-five percent increase in interest income got from loans.
The car was repainted last year.
Uganda Martyrs day is highly celebrated in Uganda.
One has a right to speak whenever they want.
Cattle keepers can also form cooperatives.
I made the same point as Besigye in this column last week.
The Physical Education lesson was always my favorite.
Local service leaders have started receiving monthly salaries from the government than before.
There are four legal mining companies in Northern Uganda.
Tourism has contributed to Uganda's Gross Domestic Product.
Teachers complain about inadequate salaries.
They are fundraising to buy an ambulance.
Cheating in elections must come to an end.
He died of an unknown illness.
Members should be accountable for allocated funds.
I enjoy listening to his songs because they inspire me to follow my dreams.
How can a company market its products?
There is an improvement in the transport network in the district.
Have you got your academic report?
We need to identify the key stakeholders.
Through reading scriptures, we get to know more about Jesus Christ.
The match will be played at the national stadium.
Private schools charge high amounts of school fees.
Much of the work that had to be done was done.
How can we control the spread of the Human Immune Virus?
We had rice and fish for supper.
Paternal aunties play an important role in sex education.
There are other products available on the market.
Why did you push him away?
The banana plantation owners in the Masaka district have a savings and credit cooperative organization.
We are welcoming any support.
Cancer can be prevented from spreading to the rest of the body through chemotherapy.
What did he write in the letter?
We pray together as a family every night before going to bed.
He constructed a walk fence around his home.
Zimbabwe understates aid by agencies.
The ceremony featured flight demonstrations with Cessna piston trainers and jets from Bulgaria.
She wore a unique fashionable dress.
The suspect is being protected by top officials.
The government organises national music competitions for schools annually.
She has been referred to another hospital.
What is the purpose of saving money?
Her son had planned to take her for a walk.
The month of February has twenty eight to twenty nine days.
Citizens aged eighteen and above can register to vote.
He got a scholarship to study in Canada.
The office threw a party to welcome its new employees.
Leaders should work together to effectively implement government projects.
She is an extraordinary woman.
I have never seen a sitting president arrested by the host country.
The voting process must be free and fair to all.
Heightened levels of social anxiety and loneliness in the population are a result of addictions.
Business owners complained of the high bank interest rates.
What are parliamentary election cases?
Dreams can be realised.
She came second in the elections for district speaker.
The district has to compensate people before undertaking any projects on their land.
Some people in Uganda don't know how to budget for their income.
Her son's death saddened her.
A third driver is the youth bulge in Africa
According to the Uganda Police Annual two thousand nineteen Crime Report.
People compared it to the Undertakers' entry into the world of wrestling entertainment.
The rugby team has qualified for many international tournaments.
Why is it important to educate girls?
The manager is responsible for the day-to-day management of the company.
The deceased had two daughters and one son.
These meetings are meant to iron out the issues from the signed pact.
My uncle works from morning to evening.
It has now become usual for politicians to conflict over positions.
The law society hired a very qualified and experienced lawyer.
His father gives him a commission on each litre of milk he sells.
It is very rare for church leaders to be attacked by criminals.
Everywhere in the world, people die every day.
Cash in hand can easily go missing.
My friend was involved in a car accident on Jinja road yesterday.
He was taken to court over theft.
Firefighters are battling to save people's properties in the building.
The little boy grabbed his mother's leg and would not let go.
There is always a lot of noise on the football pitch.
This donation will help single mothers who cannot afford to take care of their families.
Meetings provide a platform for planning ahead.
The training instilled elements of patriotism in teachers and also brought pupils together.
There is no hope of him getting that money in four days.
The Gross Domestic Products per capita decreased since two thousand thirteen in Sudan.
I am going to leave the door open.
However, overall political competition requires money everywhere even in the richest countries.
She shared her story on how she recovered from coronavirus.
There was a lot of food and drinks at the party.
Cheating was in broad daylight.
There are many refugees in Uganda.
Four people are competing for the position.
The Uganda Gazette is open and accessible to the general public.
The company facilitated ten people, but only eight attended the workshop.
The provision of these materials will help pupils to receive a quality education.
The hospital management does not want people to congest in the hospital wards.
The mayor asked the government to set up a temporary camp for the landslide victims.
Child labor is a crime punishable by the law.
The Netherlands has also provided training both in Uganda and abroad to Ugandan students.
We have one of the best national cricket teams in the country.
He leaves office early these days.
First Amendment protections against government interference, of course, are predominant in any situation.
Drivers should drive patients carefully.
Why is unemployment among youths high?
Nigeria reportedly bought twelve helicopters and a deal for training and other equipment.
They have allowed only seventy people per service.
You were right, I do not stay with my parents.
An increase in police harassment has been documented.
As the independent has reported before, the two now view each other with suspicion.
Another office will handle the issue.
Coronavirus originated from China in two thousand nineteen.
A new archbishop will be appointed next year.
If you see a counterfeit product, report it to the authorities.
We are planning to give back to the community during the Christmas season.
She went to the market to buy foodstuffs for her daughter's birthday party.
We look forward to positive engagement with them.
The police moved around in town centers encouraging people to wear masks.
Accountability is a requisition for government organisations.
The government needs to support the informal sector.
Relax, everything shall be alright.
He wrote the story in his mother tongue.
Is this man still alive?
The chairman advised us to apply for loans.
A treaty was signed in November.
Many farmers are complaining about the pests which are destroying their crops.
Her husband took a break from work because of her health.
Leaders ought to condemn brutal acts in society.
Congress acted to assure conflicting ideas had access to the airwaves.
What happens at fundraising dinners?
Then people will appreciate your leadership.
Close that window before it gets dark.
Informally hired employees are just fired without a termination contract.
Yesterday, one of the prisoners escaped.
That general is famous around this village.
My son is pursuing a course in building and construction.
We cannot be slaves in our own country.
People make wooden bridges to cross the wide trenches.
She was a teacher for forty years.
Recent kidnappings have raised worry in communities.
Isn't that your father?
The vaccine from the world health organisation is effective though insufficient.
The maid wakes up very early in the morning to cook breakfast for us.
I do not know that man.
What is the difference between the two candidates?
Some areas in the country are experiencing prolonged famine.
Good feeding is essential for a student's academic performance.
Men were called upon to support their wives.
Everyone was shocked when they heard the news.
The soldiers should cooperate to ensure peace in the area.
Sometimes stolen items are recovered by the authorities.
Bad roads may most likely cause accidents.
One day, when her brother had gone, she went out to explore.
The president has ordered the minister of health to increase the salaries of doctors in the country.
He beat up his wife while he was drunk.
A car is a necessity for some people.
Children should be taught the value of saving from a young age.
My brother is reading a school book.
The bank officials required security for the loan.
He was knocked down by a lorry.
Various prevention measures have been put in place.
The organization gives foodstuffs to refugees every month.
They are the best live band in the city.
We can only develop locally if we start by do not buy imported raw materials.
In some cultures, people wear black clothes at the burial ceremony.
She will surely help you.
The country has a high population growth.
Under what conditions can the police arrest someone?
The outgoing Kadhi was absent at the handover ceremony.
The housemaid was caught on camera torturing her boss' child.
He decided to contest again this year.
Some dreams need money to be obtained.
The salary teachers get is not enough to cater for their daily needs.
The locals lost all their property during the floods yesterday.
Archbishops retire at the age of sixty five years.
I fell asleep while listening to the radio.
God cannot curse people.
Who is the newly appointed Attorney General of Uganda?
They had hoped to publicly build harmony at the occasion.
Women interested in participating in the fashion show should register with the woman leader.
She is not on good terms with her family.
The water has not yet been purified.
The new cities will require leadership before elections.
Some Americans have insisted that the coronavirus is a chemical weapon manufactured by the Chinese.
More health workers should be employed in the hospital.
That company pays its employees little money.
The hospital should limit the number of visitors in the hospital wards.
There was a blood donation tent at the university for an entire month.
What will happen in the primaries will be worse.
The pandemic has made it difficult for some patients to pick treatment.
Only adults are allowed to drive cars.
I work at the same place with my husband.
Uganda is always on high alert when it comes to diseases like Ebola.
The student who is in jail has been sentenced.
What is the total number of coronavirus deaths in Africa?
People were excited about the opening of the regional lands offices.
He listens only to gospel songs.
The number of youths who have contracted the disease increases every month.
Parliament resumes next month.
She was hired to make an advert on behalf of the company.
The Uganda Electricity Board is responsible for power generation in Uganda.
The presence of weeds in a garden causes the maizes leaves to turn into yellow.
Some cultural institutions should be blamed for encouraging forced marriages.
We can control pests in the garden by using pesticides.
Refugees are seen as a challenge in some parts of the country.
People with disabilities need specialized services.
His family saw him as a dictator.
Flowers make the compound look more beautiful.
I don’t want anyone to know about this conversation.
The community highly appreciated her for the donation.
Law and order must be followed and obeyed by the public.
They are extensively living a good life
Countries have entry points at the borders.
Very many television and radio stations have come up in Kampala
She was very happy to receive a bronze medal.
The road has a poor drainage system.
These leaders must be in a position to handle conflicts properly.
Alignment includes all the vehicle’s components that make the car go straight.
The leaders are trying to settle the disagreement amongst themselves.
The government should increase the salaries of security officers.
The minister urged employers to be patient with workers during this trying time.
She collapsed on stage during the performance.
Different donations are made to support the refugees.
Thank you for cleaning the sitting room.
Expired goods are not good for consumption.
Proper upbringing of a child yields good results.
The government has failed to help pregnant mothers.
The health summit will enforce strategies in order to tackle health challenges
The meetings were suspended.
There is an increase in the number of white rhinos.
He sleeps with his Bible under the pillow.
Ugandan businessmen should think of exporting beef to South Sudan
Students will compete at the national level about the dynamics in governance.
General Yisrael Ziv's security company was supplying arms to South Sudan.
Kakira is the biggest sugar factory in Uganda.
There should also be water traffic officers to control water transport.
The taxi park, however, depends on enough supply of electric power.
The women and children see him as a liberator.
Government officials in Uganda retire at sixty-five years of age.
Two officers died in the accident last night.
The meeting was postponed by Rwanda.
They raised enough funds.
According to Analysts, these incidents were on Rwanda's borders with the Democratic Republic of Congo.
He stands there every night to look at the stars.
Employees decided on the issue of unpaid leave.
Concrete legislative changes followed after the death of people.
The effort is being made to improve service delivery.
My father is a general in the army.
Some students' results have been withheld.
Farmers were advised to start sowing since it is a rainy season.
The coronavirus cases in Masaka have reduced because of the lockdown.
Ugandans need improved seed varieties for better output.
The task force has also been tasked to review the status of the remaining sector.
Educational institutions are putting in efforts to boost business and agriculture in schools.
People should give in what they can manage.
There were wars in the country which caused the death of many locals.
The insurance company refused payout until he was proven dead.
Is the communication body turning into a political institution?
She gave birth to a baby boy.
The problem is that there are many crooks ready to join.
The government should open places of worship.
Prisoners are denied newspapers and are allowed to keep one shirt.
The government is introducing new taxes.
Children do better at school when their parents are involved in their academic lives.
Do not sign an agreement without reading through.
Who is the most popular football fan in Uganda?
The leader was fighting for the rights of the people in that city.
Employees were advised to take annual leave during the lockdown days.
We should promote peace and harmony in the community.
Most people's plans were tarnished in two thousand twenty because of the pandemic.
He did not fulfill his manifesto.
People should be educated about their diet.
The focus is now on their representatives.
Bombings killed over seventy-six people yesterday.
This road was renovated by the people of this community.
The country receives more tourists in December.
They say he was involved in corruption.
Is the brain the most important body part?
The soldier will be brought before the unit disciplinary committee.
Where did he study from?
All the company workers have gone for lunch.
The community was appreciated for the good work done.
They celebrate Christmas in the village.
I'm going to close this business next year.
My cousin will compete in the singing competition.
People continue to burn charcoal due to its existing demand.
There was a massive turn-up at the election polls.
Without a king, the kingdom can never be stable.
Cancer treatment is costly and cannot be afforded by most cancer patients.
They complained until they got what they wanted.
Money meant for Coronavirus will be used for its exact purpose.
A good leader serves without exploitation.
Are there any conditions to meet before going for a coronavirus test?
An air-conditioned office is good in Kampala.
The children have to help their parents with housework.
She advised the locals to stop cutting down trees for timber.
What should one do to be globally competitive?
Some players were not included in the current national team due to indiscipline.
Sudan has made losses in the oil earnings since two thousand eleven.
The committee explained on television how they would conduct the elections.
They held a fundraising drive for the construction of a new church.
He has been making more money from his business.
She waits for her husband to return home every night.
The government has to increase its support towards the refugees.
The speaker represented the country at a conference held in Midrand.
Our school has been in existence for fifty years.
His plants are growing.
The officers will be arrested if the boy was tortured.
The bees stung her hand.
How does the chessboard look like?
Fish farming is carried out for commercial purposes.
Ministry of Health has tried to fight against the spread of coronavirus among Ugandans.
Your phone is ringing.
She was transferred to another prison because the other inmates wanted to kill her.
Yellow fever is transmitted through bites of mosquitoes.
Which team won the Uganda Premier League last season?
Some politicians are after their gains.
The leader banned imported goods.
The organization is seeking justice for all the girls who were defiled.
People need water extension services.
We should not allow any kind of discrimination.
Why are women empowerment programs so important?
She has succeeded her father as the president of the company.
Most youths have a great passion for music.
My wife may die if she does not get a blood transfusion in time.
Arua attaining its city status will come with several developments.
She portrays him as an outsider.
That political party is not known in the district.
Uganda has lost one of the soldiers that fought for her peace and stability.
Most patients have been discharged.
You cannot avoid me forever.
A coach holds a press conference a day before the game.
I wish you had told me about your visit earlier.
She is eighteen years old.
They are looking for votes.
People were advised to join hands to develop the country.
We grow beans on our farm.
He was criticized for arguing with his boss.
Most people have adjusted to wearing facemasks to protect themselves against coronavirus.
It is so sad and painful.
Seventh-day Adventists do not pray on Sunday like other Christians.
The police did not investigate the case .
Rural students need to be given access to scholarship information.
The most difficult things a parent can face is when your child is hurt.
What happens to the person who breaches a contract?
What are some of the challenges faced by the health sector in Uganda?
The teachers have encouraged us to read hard for the national examinations.
We do not know the winner of the match.
An army officer defiled a fourteen-year-old girl.
Access to nutritious food is limited.
The veterinary office shall be responsible for treating all animals in the village.
The people of Northern Uganda lost their lives during the war.
Our next meeting will be held on Tuesday.
There are few water sources in that region.
Some of the senior economists in the country supported the idea.
What is the role of the office of prime minister in Uganda?
This is why you elected me as President of our Movement.
Travellers should be vaccinated against yellow fever.
It has gone nowhere in the senate.
We were given seven cows on our wedding day.
In Uganda, some places are being turned into cities
Some police officers are very corrupt.
The new company manager is more understanding than the former one.
I sat on my mother's laps throughout the whole journey.
Youths love to use slogans in their conversations.
God loves everyone just the way they are.
Where are you rushing to?
Social studies was the worst done subject in the class last year.
Were you aware of the humor?
No one should mistake our commitment.
Healthy competitions could lead to economic development.
Bank of Uganda regulates commercial banks.
Uganda was involved in the war.
The funding was not enough for us to complete the project.
The revolutionaries did a very fantastic job for the country
The people of Northern Uganda have increased their participation in Agriculture.
What would you do if someone makes false accusations against you?
The lawyer and his client quarreled over the issue of money.
Gender-based violence is common among women.
What are the steps to success?
Tribalism is dangerous in politics since it brings about division
The airlines charge a lot of money.
It is an honor to meet you.
They were put into different groups.
Her father is a police officer.
The government officials did not help the lady.
The African Leaders Summit organized the awards in Accra, Ghana.
My brother wrote a report about his visit to the landing site.
Uganda exports its goods and products in neighbouring countries.
What are my cultural beliefs?
Company officials on November twenty-sixth announced the launch of a water recovery plant.
Men who marry underaged girls should be sent to prison.
The health centre is open every day.
It rained today morning.
Fishermen were cautioned against the high number of crocodiles in that lake.
Men are advised to take care of their wives during pregnancy.
His grandmother gave him a Bible after his baptism.
It is very vital for media firms to have talented journalists.
That country is surrounded by water.
Parents and school administration should always work together
My friend was ruled out of today's volleyball game.
The government collects over seven hundred million Uganda Shillings from taxpayers annually.
The best songs were nominated for the awards.
Allegations should be backed up by credible evidence
She tortured her stepson to death.
The member of parliament has helped people to protect their land.
Smoking damages the respiratory system of the body.
The electoral commission is ready for the general elections next week.
The president appointed new ministers this year.
There is a lack of trust in Ugandan leadership.
Some projects are entirely funded by the government.
Farmer cooperatives can be a marketing base.
The factory has enhanced agricultural productivity by providing farmers with fertilisers.
We need to ask an expert before making a decision.
The school offered to clean the church after the Sunday service.
Incumbents usually win the next election due to their popularity
The sports council has identified more young stars to join the national team.
He put the phone on that table.
Our school performed poorly in the national examinations last year.
She did everything to save her life.
Uganda Red Cross has its headquarters in Kampala.
The bank is giving free airtime to any customer who opens a new account.
It takes effort from both teachers and students to deliver excellent academic performance
Motorcycles and trucks were allowed to move during the lockdown.
Everyone was working hard to prove their worth to the company.
The leaders should lobby funds from the Ministry of water to aid the cause.
There has been an effort to draft laws that govern land in this country.
The poor man cannot afford to buy expensive things.
This story is not making sense.
He addressed a stakeholders meeting convened by Uganda Wildlife Authority.
Paid or unpaid leave should be justified.
What causes a heart attack?
Most sports activities require a lot of energy.
The ministry informed people about the importance of exercising
Serving in the supreme court requires a lot of experience.
Some people have not received their national identity cards.
Allegations held on someone could be true or false.
The polio vaccines meant for the refugees were delayed.
The organization does not have money to support its employees in their duties.
You will be punished for coming late to school.
Murders are on the increase in the neighbourhood
The poor performance was the result of teachers' absenteeism.
What is the role of Members of parliament?
He went to the health center because he felt weak.
The rate of family breakups is high these days.
Police used tear gas on the protesters.
One of the policemen shot someone.
I passed the tailor's place to check whether she had finished making my dress.
I like my brother's behavior.
The children read storybooks in their free time.
Decide now to focus on your future.
It will help to reduce unemployment in the youth.
The airport has been opened again for business.
Men should assume their responsibilities in society.
Politicians advocate for postponement of elections until the coronavirus pandemic is under control.
Industries are always different but they all aim to make money.
She was severely burnt by the acid.
She borrowed money from her friends to pay her bank loan.
The lawyer is cross-examining the witness.
My brother plays the trumpet.
Uganda has many security agencies.
A person can contract coronavirus by touching surfaces where an infected person has touched.
Different categories of people enter into Uganda.
He was in the hospital for two weeks.
Zebra crossings should regularly be painted after a while to better visibility
The teacher's comment on the academic report was so pleasing.
Employees hand in work-related reports to their employers every month.
The Olympic gold medalists were recognized worldwide.
The certificate issuing ceremony was held at the ministry offices.
The reason for having such a mouse is so that features of beating hearts can be studied.
A portion of this money is spent on improving health services.
Has the game started?
He owns a motorcycle.
The campaign season was very frustrating.
The soldiers threatened to beat anyone found leaving the camp.
My father gifted me a car.
Bodaboda riders should work closely with traffic authorities to reduce road accidents
A report must reflect the right information.
Very few Ugandans can afford to save money for the future.
The top shoot has been eaten by the Fall armyworm.
Schools must give career guidance services to students.
The data center is scheduled to launch in the first quarter of the year two thousand twenty.
Diocese is head by the Bishop.
The Ministry has a challenge of monitoring the proper disposal of phone batteries
How many members are part of the committee?
The robbers who have been threatening the villagers have been arrested.
The country loses a lot of money in disputes.
They no longer have to fight.
The new stop will for the first time allow visitors of the Emburara Farm Lodge
Kusasira said the party leaders had to seek an appointment to meet her.
She saved her salary to buy ambulances.
His son is well behaved and a God-fearing man.
The police interrogated the criminal but did not get any relevant information.
I have lived with my boyfriend for six months.
The project will bring a great impact on the agriculture sector in Uganda.
The institutions can't open without the authorization of the ministry.
His report was not clear at all.
The current ministers have run election campaigns characterized by serious violence.
Some students at the university pay for their tuition fees.
What is the neglect of duty according to the police?
God hears our prayers.
Uganda has over two hundred forty Resident District Commissioners
The broadcast rule was held by the supreme court.
Some couples are very romantic during courtship.
The former headteacher of that school attended the event.
The said bicycles were to be used by parish and Local chairpersons.
The coffee farmers have been urged to form groups.
Medicine can be given through an injection or tablets.
Youths from refugee camps have greatly participated in the activities.
Some children are forced into child labour.
Support one another in the community.
We can not afford transport to the village.
Some foreign companies have exited the Ugandan market.
We have the right to access information.
Parents need to receive school fees accountability.
He will represent Uganda in the East African legislative assembly.
There have been three landslides around this mountain in six months.
Many workers are exploited by their employers.
There is a need for more lawyers in Uganda.
What wrangles are there between Muslim leaders?
The institution should carry out its duties.
The ministry of health is working with its partners on better sensitisation channels.
Murders and robberies cause insecurity in the community.
Receive free Hepatitis vaccine at Kololo.
I don't want to monitor only the criminals, but also my group.
The headteacher encourages students to clean the classroom every day after class.
Having swimming pools at home is dangerous.
Police must confirm that certain incidents happened.
What is the role of local councils?
I do not want to eat fish because it smells too much.
They did not lose any match.
The president was the guest of honor at the groundbreaking ceremony.
Street surveillance can be used to fight to kidnap
Always move with your National Identity card for easy identification
The region needs a stadium to host friendly matches as a way of practising.
The leaders are leading to the failure of the university
Witch-hunting is common in public office which can result in false allegations
She allowed him to stay for a few more days.
Everyone in the village is suspicious of the other.
There is a ballooning population of young people with high levels of unemployment.
Can you share with me your wedding budget?
Nursery schools have been closed for two and half years because of coronavirus.
His office is at the end of the corridor.
It is expected to rain tomorrow.
He was a guest speaker on the radio station this morning.
Print Media uses social media in communication.
One of the teams suffered a loss.
The wind was blowing the banana leaves from side to side.
Most people who cheer at political meetings are only supporters and not voters.
Most of the government hospital buildings in the country need to be renovated.
The graduands thanked their parents for the advice.
What are the benefits of using machines for farming?
Our medics are working hand in hand with centres for disease control.
They ensure that the patient gets better.
Pigs do not have horns.
Revengeance leads to disunity.
There are several international students at the university.
Be cautious about how you spend your finances.
Measures are being taken to improve the power supply in Uganda.
The army protects people's lives and property.
The whole region has no electricity.
There are very many private schools in Uganda.
The industry structure has changed a lot since the COVID-19 lockdown.
Uganda is one of the countries with a high crime rate.
Most students in school fail science subjects.
Sensitization on immunization will be conducted next week.
They were condemned for disobeying presidential orders.
I will not resign this year.
The remarks sparked varied interpretations.
From one thousand nine hundred ninety-nine to two thousand two.
She was late for the interview.
Who are the craziest football fans?
According to International Crisis Group: Their twenty-year collaboration means they know each other's secrets.
What has been done to fight against Gender-Based violence?
We need to embrace the change.
It's the police's responsibility to protect Ugandans.
There will be the supervision of the project activities.
Do you know how to use the counting machine?
The parish priest was welcomed.
The consistent jokes from the comedians entertained people.
What are the strategic objectives?
You must pay a membership fee of thirty thousand Ugandan shillings while registering.
Leaders should have a good relationship with their people.
The judge instructed us to come with our witnesses in the next court session.
The country has lost valuable tree species to deforestation.
The government approved the district nutritional plan.
What was included in the budget?
At what age do soldiers retire from military work?
She was talented at both singing and sports.
Some courses were removed.
Some traders are operating their businesses without licenses.
Parents choose schools in the city over schools in the village.
Suspects appearing in court must undergo medical tests to assess their mental state.
We believe the meeting will allow us to come up with a clear understanding of the regulations.
The appointed dates for elections include weekends.
The government has also ensured that refugee-hosting communities have better health services.
There are very many criminals in Kampala.
He emphasized that we should wear our masks.
Bloodshed is a threat to the security of this area.
Choose what you need and leave the rest.
Everyone wanted him to be impeached.
What makes a city modern?
She was the shortest girl in our class.
The thief threatened the shopkeeper with a gun.
The medical department and the taskforce have received immense support from the government.
Even in lockdown, we need to still take our children for immunization.
The municipality leaders have failed to plan for the district.
The government is greatly indebted.
There is high traffic congestion in Kampala.
Their approach to advocacy, and doing business is quite interesting.
Headteachers acquired financial management skills.
My grandmother does not know how to read.
The people need to be given equal representation at the district.
The government should act now to end gender-based violence.
Some teachers have resorted to informal employment.
Infrastructural developments have led to the economic growth of our town.
Ugandans should not make jokes about the airline.
She burnt all her old clothes.
Our president was invited as the guest of honour for the ceremony.
He has a working experience of twenty years.
Uganda is conducting a nationwide Measles-Rubella Campaign.
Tenants need to endeavour to pay their landlords in time.
We should build a culture of changing leaders.
Solar street lights are cheaper to install and operate since they generate their own power.
Several international artists have performed in Uganda.
Through his preaching, the priest advised believers to trust God.
The information given to the people is based on the behaviour of the virus.
A few years back, Ebola killed many people in northern Uganda.
He spoils his wife with romantic gifts all the time.
Measures are being taken to curb maternal child mortality.
The General Court Martial has only six people on its panel.
The local council is doing everything possible to keep our village organised.
The district has provided people with trees for planting.
His car consumes petrol fuel.
Who are the most famous murderers?
A task force on reform was founded by the state police.
There are movements of people in and out of the neighbouring country.
Some people hold false allegations on others.
The company opened a case against him.
The company reshuffled its staff last Monday.
Senegalese soccer fans watch the Africa Cup of Nations final.
They have lived on this land since childhood.
Security guidelines are put in place to protect the citizens.
I woke up with a slight headache.
People should desist from buying land in wetlands.
Most weddings are held over the weekend.
I saw the look of eagerness on his face.
She found a cave to live in.
After the separation, she decided to raise her children alone.
Usually, the best students stand a chance of winning themselves scholarships.
The authorities searched for those that would be owning guns illegally.
I saw no justice in the court's decision.
More teachers will improve school performances.
Government has provided refugees with beans and cassava seeds to engage in Agricultural production.
The project was launched yesterday at the district headquarters.
He scored five goals during the match.
People were advised to report any person with symptoms of yellow fever.
The district leaders will represent the views and opinions of their people.
Workers are encouraged to be transparent in their operations.
Some food was donated to the refugees.
You pretend as if everything is okay.
His friend is a minister of the gospel.
Her rosary is green in color.
There is no hospital in the whole district.
The president announced that some prisoners will be forgiven.
Makerere University has notable alumni in leadership positions
This is out of concern of the continued threats and arrests of journalists
The clinic provides free health care to the elderly.
The suspect escaped to another country after murdering his brother.
He was worried about what his children will eat tomorrow
They will get money at a very low-interest rate.
Wildlife attracts tourists into the country.
Kitgum district is found in the northern part of Uganda.
Exhibitions are one way of marketing a new product.
I have a right to support what I feel I want.
The assessment also looks at how the natural systems benefit us.
The community has been sensitized against the effects of coronavirus.
Many families lost their loved ones to coronavirus.
Time waits for no man.
East African countries should reduce the rate at which they are borrowing.
Lack of enough qualified teachers in the district leads to poor performance.
The ministry reported the invasion of locusts.
They did not have money to pay their players.
Corruption was highly condemned.
Men should respect and care for their wives.
The country's rate of economic growth is low.
He recited the rosary while waiting for the bus.
God gave man the authority to rule over the world.
That scientist has studied the history of how rocks were formed for ten years.
The army general was killed in the war.
After leaving the miserable marriage, she was happy again.
They decided to take his injury seriously regardless of what it looked like.
Her young brother is in senior one.
How often does the president address the nation?
He has a passion for the sport.
My father is one of the soldiers who will be retiring this year.
She visited the British embassy for a visa interview.
Why are your eyes red?
Most churches start orphanages to support orphans in their communities.
The World Cup tournament happens every after four years.
The national medical store has few branches in the country.
Some officials failed to meet the president because of the fake corona results.
She looks weak today, is she sick?
Traffic regulations are available to guide road users.
Local leaders should not be blamed for the fire outbreaks.
The deceased was born in America thirty years ago.
I want to know what it takes to be an engineer?
She talked to her husband about having another child.
The district should establish irrigation schemes and boreholes in the area.
There are insufficient funds to construct a new building.
Individual discussions are needed with each student.
The president encouraged the mourners at the funeral to remain strong.
Tertiary institutions equip learners with practical skills.
This land is viable for farming.
Laws have been put in place to ensure fair elections.
It was concluded that the recent general elections were free and fair.
How did they learn to play basketball?
He was declared the fastest runner in the world.
Where can I buy a girl's shoes?
Some truck drivers were infected with coronavirus.
If work is done, accountability is required
He added that Uganda was determined to keep Rwanda on the negotiating table.
The sports journalists were disappointed by the game results.
Ambulances have a right of way on the road.
Power-sharing paved the way for a transitional government that will serve for three years.
Parents are advised to make their children feel safe.
This charge can be applied to anyone suspected of raising discontent.
Road reserves are demarcated for future roads to be constructed.
They recruited more workers.
How can we fight coronavirus?
She was the most talented netball player on our team.
He hired private investigators to help him find out his wife's murderers.
The government bought generators to increase power generation in the area.
What is the nature of your work?
The party is a one-man dictatorship he further accused.
The car was parked in front of the gate.
The winning candidate has to have more people standing behind him.
She got copyrights for her song.
She went to his house to ask for child support.
Sensitization programs for pregnant mothers should be revised.
He took me back in the house although we continued to sleep in separate rooms.
Heavy rains and strong winds destroy people's property.
Border towns near Congo have also requested for power connection.
The people do not have hope in the leadership at the district.
Moyo and Obongi districts have conflicted over three billion shillings.
The soldier was deployed in another district.
There was a suggestion to postpone the two thousand twenty one general elections.
He holds the highest rank in the army.
Our cow died after being given fake dewormers yesterday.
There were disappointing results in the transport sector.
Priests dedicate their lives to serving God.
They are not allowed beyond the gate.
You need to register your business first.
Infinix Samsung five is powered by Media Tek Helio Patch twenty-two.
Her behaviour has changed a lot.
The new health directives will be effective starting tomorrow.
Which couple wedded on Sunday?
Planting of more trees will increase rainfall in the district.
It jointly owned institutions like the East African Railways and Harbors headquartered in Dar es Salaam.
But this is more than just a party trick.
Beekeeping generates food and income.
The current regime has not done enough.
There will be no delay in funds disbursement.
Those two are brothers.
This may cause clarity on the current situation.
Never trust hypocrites.
The district and the organisation have got a standing relationship.
Special thanks were given to the old boys for their school contribution.
Golf is one of the games with few fans in Uganda.
A lot needs to be done to develop Uganda.
The final basketball match will take place on Saturday.
People were called for job interviews.
Owners of public buildings should conduct body and car searches.
Culture helps youths to hold onto good morals.
My mother was buried in a white coffin.
Sudan needs the United States of America to remove trade and financial barriers.
Employees have a right to discuss their salary reduction.
The road project belongs to the people and not the government.
Some men still think that women should only stay at home and cook food.
They reported the murder case to the police.
His loan request was rejected by the bank.
The East African newspaper advocated for deeper integrations to heal the fissures within.
Some employers exploitatively do not pay their employees’ wages and salaries.
He acknowledged that opposition parties can generate debate in an election.
Some people believe that there is life after death.
Those challenges have been changing forms.
Politicians should never distribute food but should be part of the task force
How many sides do dice have?
This year's statistics are disappointing.
How can health service delivery be improved?
We are collecting money to build the church.
Kidepo National park is found in northeastern Uganda.
The government has equipped people with hands-on techniques in stove making.
The police has direct orders from the president to arrest anybody found moving at night.
The government has failed to fulfil the promises it made to the veterans.
The women walked barefoot for five kilometers to protest peacefully against domestic violence.
He lost his money in sports betting.
Under what names did you register your sim card?
The lawyer said that they expect many theft cases during this season.
She made sure that no one sees her while she was entering the shrine.
In some companies, employees work on schedule.
Is tobacco really that dangerous?
We aim to show them how to work for themselves.
It is human to make mistakes.
He contested against Kagame and remains critical to him.
The media company has supported the music talent for many years.
My sister and her boyfriend agreed to get married this year.
How can we enhance economic development?
Farmer cooperatives are very instrumental in marketing produce.
The community was requested to use the funds properly.
What do you mean?
The deceased's body was thrown into the lake.
The Economic court is in Cairo.
I am a citizen of Uganda.
Prisoners equally have rights that must be respected.
What are you selling?
Uganda generates its own electricity.
The contribution is in terms of equipment and manpower of facilitators.
What has made you laugh?
It was unfair for the boss to give large bonuses to the employees he favors.
Government plans to vaccinate all teachers and students before reopening schools.
Over the last twenty-five years of electoral politics, we have seen honest politicians.
The entire family posed for a picture.
How does age affect the performance of an athlete?
The officers were trained on how to react in any situation.
You need to provide accountability for that event.
People failed to steal the heavy batteries on the power station.
What are some of the tools used for weeding?
Kenya introduced a thirty-five percent profit tax on gambling operators in the early two thousand eighteen.
The technology requires the installation of underwater cables.
Children should be well fed to be attentive in class.
The matter was settled in court.
Organisations have come up to empower young women in the community.
The Confederation for African Football officials were fined.
The internet facilitates online education.
There is time for everything in people's lives.
She has been the president of this country for fifteen years.
She urgently needs money for her children's school fees.
Key witnesses are very important in an investigation.
Education widens our knowledge on very many things.
The maize is in a bushy garden and it has leaf rust.
Sudan needs debt relief to access new funding from the World bank.
David Gumisiriza said in reference to Bambrui's environmental initiatives in Kenya
All local council chairpersons need to at least have a bicycle.
Irregular electricity supply can greatly hinder development.
The government aims at reducing the costs of administration.
It's two days to the 1st National Health Promotion and Disease Conference.
Prove that you're innocent of the crime.
The hotel manager denied having received any money from the customers.
A financial year lasts for a period of twelve months.
Daily challenges are a gateway to innovation.
I do not have any money in my pocket.
The teachers complained of excessive workload.
Why do people visit others?
My sister has refused to shift to a new house.
People's businesses rotate around the club.
My parents want me to first get married traditionally before giving birth.
She was given a six months maternity leave from work.
The deceased was praised for fighting for the rights of the oppressed people in his community.
We have a soccer match tomorrow.
Fathers ought to often interact with their daughters while growing up.
A number of successful people have failed before.
Good breeds of trees should be distributed to homes for planting.
Chiefs and kings are buried in tombs.
Bishops teach people about the things of God.
It is awful to send children to school without food.
Doctors are not happy that foreigners are getting employed in their sector.
A consensus is a general agreement.
The school was closed.
She is good at playing tennis.
She works for a company that publishes reference books.
Parents have offered five water dispensers to boost hygiene in the school.
He returned to the national team.
The total budget expenditure will be at least ten percent lower than intended.
Entebbe International Airport is the major international airport in Uganda.
The bank has embraced the people of Uganda and wants to grow with them.
What kind of vegetables do you grow?
What is the role of cultural leaders in the community?
Forests have very many benefits.
The two opposition candidates are working on a coalition before the national elections.
There are fights between the local leaders in our village.
Whoever does not obey the school rules will be punished.
Many foods are sold in the market.
School fundraisings are often aimed at improving infrastructure
He is planning for his trip to Uganda.
My grandmother requested me to stay a little longer at her place.
Higher institutes of learning take part in sports games annually.
The system of media campaigns helps only the incumbents because they are popular.
My friend died in a car accident.
Other members did not support the approval of these cities.
Railway transport is not a common means of transport in Uganda.
Who is in charge of the investigation?
State Minister for East African Community told about the false accusations made by Burundi.
The company needs more financial assistance from the government.
Vehicles driven on bad roads need to be serviced more often.
Taking over church land is not a good idea.
She was born in the forest.
People should follow the law.
The bible says that wives should respect their husbands.
They also want food and clean water.
The deceased's relatives can decide where to bury their loved one.
He begins to speak as if addressing a political gathering.
That basketball team has been the winner of the championship for four years.
You have to provide evidence of that crime.
They struck over poor leadership.
We held prayers in honor of those who died last year.
Security organizations are very cruel to the suspects.
Conservation of wildlife has promoted the tourism sector in Uganda.
Makerere University Council should listen to student requests and needs and work with them
He can only swim in a swimming pool.
Housewives dedicate most of their time for family.
They have contributed to the well-being of the community.
My niece is an intelligent girl.
He is one of the best athletes in the country.
Youths and children need daily advice from their parents and guardians.
He used to work as my assistant.
Youths will improve their standards of living through the youth livelihood program.
We washed our hands at the entrance.
Some motorcycle drivers don't wear face masks while carrying passengers.
Children should visit their relatives.
He has witnesses to prove that he is innocent and must be set free.
The company has no money to pay debts.
Cannibals love the smell of cooking meat.
It is okay to have a different opinion on something.
There is freedom of worship in Uganda.
Several initiatives are being done to enhance the beef industry.
The water in the area is dirty.
Five prisoners were released yesterday.
It is important to wear a life jacket when you are on a boat.
It is being enforced by both oversight bodies.
The truth will always set you free.
Let me introduce you to my parents.
Animals also need to be kept healthy.
Many patients lose their lives due to the absence of blood in the hospital.
He did not meet my expectations.
Most Ugandan women spend a lot of money on cosmetics.
It is like asking them to bite the hand that feeds their political success
The agreement was announced at a press briefing held at the headquarters.
More schools are going to be built.
Children can identify information from other resources.
He is making a lot of money from the retail shop.
The violence in Amuru was caused by the Minister forcefully taking people's land.
You can terminate the employee's contract if they fail to fulfil their obligations.
She was willing to have a meeting with her opponent.
She was given a new car as a birthday gift.
Is that soil fertile?
The international monetary fund expects the economy to contract by two point six percent this year.
Coronavirus can be spread through handshakes.
Our project needs more funding.
He made a very fair and just decision.
How many aggregates did he attain in his Primary Leaving Examinations?
I was not impressed by the whole story.
He has written a number of books.
The aptitude of the artist is visible in the technique of color application on canvas.
The tree in our compound is deciduous.
It is cheaper for a single farmer to access certain services under a cooperative.
Journalists should be allowed to speak their minds.
No officers should claim to be above the law.
The structure of industries drives competition and profitability.
Some of the villages never received the seeds, yet they made payments.
Bad character corrupts good morals.
She has very long hair.
That jacket is made of thick leather.
We need to establish more industries in Uganda.
She aims at emphasizing social transformation by connecting people to different opportunities.
We are organizing a by-election.
My cousin spends his Christmas holidays with us every year.
People should be given skills to help them get jobs of their own.
We are in the final phase of the project.
Most families do not have what to eat during this lockdown.
Family members should work together to promote peace and harmony.
Many people have died in that accident.
The project is carrying out developments in remote areas around the world.
The deceased had epilepsy.
People will improve their standards of living.
Poverty is one of the reasons that led to child marriage.
The old man's face is full of wrinkles.
What should be done to eradicate corruption in church?
That company has lost a great man.
He is not as bad as the other money lenders around town.
Prices of petroleum-based products have increased because of the increase in the price of crude oil.
There is an increase in the number of cholera infections among the children living in slums.
Allied Democratic Forces for years has been based in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The protesters are fighting for justice for the man who was killed by a police officer.
His message was clearly understood by everyone.
The week is almost coming to an end.
He doesn’t know how to use a computer.
The exhibition opened on nineteenth November at the Uganda Museum, Kampala
When a case is settled at mediation it's different from a normal court case.
I am the smallest amongst the children in my class.
I can't see the money that I put in my bag.
Children have a right to education.
We can hardly achieve anything unless we work together.
It is okay for one to be politically independent.
That politician was diagnosed with stomach cancer.
Some of the court rules have nothing to do with the actual dispute.
The Ministry of health forewarned against violation of the standard operating procedures.
The words that you used were not proper.
There were disagreements between Uganda and Tanzania.
A health worker needed to monitor the patient as the normal medical procedure requires.
Make youths buy street food.
Have you talked to your uncle?
We must follow electoral commission guidelines.
Over eighty ministers were appointed by the president this year.
Many politicians go broke after leaving the cabinet
This year the president banned the use of Facebook in Uganda.
I do not feel like going to the office today.
The court ordered the police and the army to leave his house immediately.
That orphanage did not receive any donations during the pandemic.
The youths refused to participate in the elections.
Many young men spend their time arguing about football.
Dogs usually have a wet nose.
We have private universities in Uganda.
The government will not transfer a lot of power to the people.
The chairperson of the organizing committee thanked everyone who attended the party.
Cheap products are sometimes not of good quality.
Accountants donated clothes to the orphans.
He is a lawyer by profession.
Children usually inherit their parents' property.
The district is at risk of soil erosion and degradation.
Avoid worrying about things you cannot change.
Farmers have been equipped with skills and knowledge to manage farming activities.
The meeting was aimed at resolving the stand-off with Uganda.
The police called upon the public to provide information about the suspects.
People should be sensitized about the importance of wetlands.
The reopening of universities has brought confusion amongst the students.
The leader of the forum had to be elected by the people.
Her youngest daughter witnessed the crime.
The patient was discharged from hospital last month.
Many people can not afford food.
opposition explains why it cannot find enough high profile individuals to field in parliamentary elections
Why don’t you stay at home?
Uganda Cranes has more points after scoring two goals.
He did not know what to do.
Selling off one vehicle was the only alternative she had.
The State House Anti-Corruption Unit is headed by Colonel Edith Nakalema.
There was a presidential rally yesterday.
Handbags can easily be made out of beads.
The success in disease prevention is due to the hard work of the doctors.
The company must follow the new tax laws.
It had a victory and an army that had come to be viewed as strong.
People will be able to work in restaurants.
The system provides accurate information and insights into what might happen.
He keeps the utensils in the glass cupboard.
He told the whole community the news.
Women are the main targets of sexual violence.
My father is a dictator.
The district has advertised new jobs in the newspapers.
Later in his youth, he wandered away from the faith.
She gave birth on her way to the hospital.
The district has registered people with business proposals.
The graduation ceremony was held yesterday.
One can now apply for a passport online using the online application system.
Road construction requires a lot of money.
They have been charged against breaking the forest law.
It is a long distance to walk.
So many Hutu participated in the genocide to save their own lives.
My dress has two holes.
The team was disorganized throughout the match.
Many African parents have more than three children.
What are you doing up there?
One good turn deserves another.
The rest of the candidates were told to register the next day.
Teargas and live bullets were used at demonstrators.
Every driver on the road must have a driver's license.
People with disabilities have acquired capital to set up their own businesses.
Employers and employees should discuss paid or unpaid leave.
She forged a doctor's note to dodge work yesterday.
The objective is to create a democratic and accountable police service that is not politicized.
Teachers in my school were encouraged to laugh with their students.
Nightguards were deployed to improve security.
A popularly backed government can restore stability.
The government is helping to restore peace in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Some teachers do not know how to pronounce his name.
He informed people to register their land to avoid land grabbing.
She plays loud music in her car.
They took me to prison and dumped me there.
The friends opened up the coffin and the bride was happy and posing.
Football is a game played in Uganda.
The minister requested nurses to resume their work.
She has spent three weeks in the intensive care unit.
Medical interns are being admitted to the internship training program
They volunteered for cleanups in their community.
Poaching is one of the challenges faced by wildlife.
The government has provided seeds to the farmers.
The three countries will benefit from the industry.
He was in the second position according to the academic report.
He claimed the elections were manipulated.
The minister is a potential investor.
There are several underlying factors that led to the collapse of the company.
My brother failed to eat his lunch because his tooth was aching.
That team is in the third position in the national football league.
Karuhanga was elected during the meeting of the Private Sector Foundation Uganda.
We have been married for a year now.
It is illegal to drive a car without a driving permit.
Avocado is oval.
The book had ten paragraphs only.
The poachers killed all the white rhinoceroses in this game park.
She aired an interesting radio programme.
We sent our donation to the orphanage via mobile money.
Educated people are more successful than uneducated ones.
Not all rumours are true.
His personal information was leaked to the public.
Alcohol possesses a threat to the health of others.
The hair oil has helped to avoid all the itching.
Uganda now has a new chief justice.
Students graduate from university on completion of their courses.
The announcement was made on the radio.
The players need to practice more often before any match.
The proposals have raised the anger of many journalists.
He scored his third goal of the match.
To qualify for the prestigious award the bank was rated on key performance indicators.
He needed to support the ruling party for the people of West Nile to benefit.
Other areas of focus include rising tensions among big powers and elections in countries.
The research is carried out at Aberystwyth university's business school in the United Kingdom.
My brother is fond of pointing out my mistakes.
What is the security situation in your area?
He took photographs of the ceremony.
Two hundred eight girls got pregnant between January and May this year.
She has long beautiful fingers.
On orders from above, the district task force had to control the situation
Muslims had a religious workshop.
The police officer is controlling the traffic.
There are very many community coronavirus disease cases.
Parents should ensure that children do their homework every day.
The government has stepped up to help the refugees in the country
An organization has confirmed to inject three million shillings into women's football.
The health centers should report in time when the medicine has run out.
Each time I see this picture, I remember my father.
They cannot tolerate the load shedding any more.
He won the presidential elections.
The budget passed for this year is six billion shillings.
The district education officer should boost education services in the area.
The king wore white barkcloth during his coronation ceremony.
The women empowerment project was implemented in Gulu.
It is not illegal for a civilian to own a gun in Uganda.
She is proud of her father.
Who is interested in buying this property?
Teachers are among the lowest civil servants in Uganda.
Try cleaning the windows at least.
Dams are built across rivers or streams.
The government should encourage people to plant trees to replace the ones cut.
Ugandans need to be educated and informed to reform their country.
A protocol for the establishment of the East Africa Monetary Union was signed.
There are over one thousand plant species in the world.
The region has some of the best schools in the country.
Buganda land board offices are located at Bulange-Mengo.
Moyo and Obongi acquired only twelve first grades in the mock examinations.
The cosmetics industry makes hair products.
Sensitization about different farming practices is ongoing.
Other scheduled events went as planned.
Ugandans seeing their own in a high government office is an expression of their presence in government
She felt safe in the cave.
We have the highest confirmed cases of coronavirus.
Where am I going to get all that money from?
They requested a later date.
The government should increase its tax base.
Newborn babies cannot regulate body temperature on their own.
Peer pressures among girls cause some early pregnancies.
Football fans have been forced to enjoy the games from their homes.
He realized that there is value in hard work.
Keep your premature baby healthy during flu season.
The computers were delivered and handed over to Legal Training Centre.
The ministry expects to carry out an environmental impact assessment.
All neighbouring countries should sign the agreement.
Victims of sexual violations hardly get attention from policymakers.
He envisioned the discipline of drawing, music, botany, science, and engineering.
This was since the government launched the “disarmament program”.
The task force was thanked for the great work done.
We shall not be hiring new workers next year.
Who is behind the assassinations in the country?
They had special keys which allowed them to enter the house easily.
What do you want from me?
Refugees need to settle in their new homes.
Some motorists do not respect traffic lights.
The media has greatly helped in extending awareness about coronavirus.
Fat people can hardly win a race.
Namboole stadium is being used as a treatment center for coronavirus patients.
Rwanda's highest expenditure was one hundred fifty-eight million dollars in nineteen ninety-one.
He has mentored many journalists in the country.
The husband chased her from the house four years ago.
We need money to extend electricity to remote areas.
Who is a vulnerable person?
What does your mother sell at the market?
The Bishop urged the church to collaborate with organizations planting trees.
She ran off to fetch water.
Are these twins your children?
People were informed to provide security for the members of parliament.
Vicent Bagiire, the permanent secretary at the Ministry of Information Communication Technology.
The police should investigate and make a report about the rapid-fire outbreaks.
They told them everything that happened during the voting exercise.
The aim is to save people from diseases.
She went to the American embassy to do a visa interview.
The journalist could not pay his debt in court.
We should not base political competition on the personal issues of individual actors.
Some Ugandans have never been to Kampala before.
Every politician needs to be knowledgeable about their constituency.
He had a twin sister.
Health workers should be appreciated.
The refugees ease themselves in nearby bushes because the camp does not have toilets.
All foreigners need licenses to operate businesses in this country.
How much are clay bricks?
The problem is that she does not want to talk to us.
The organizations help refugees settle into the new community.
Our village council had allocated more money to improve health services.
What is the current population estimate of Uganda?
Did you receive the invitation letter?
Parents asserted that students should behave well in society.
The rash spreads across the body after its first appearance on the face.
We were all checked at the entrance.
The disagreements resulted from the unjust sharing of resources.
The Federal Communications Commission's Fairness Doctrine was eliminated during the Reagan administration.
A person with low immunity can easily be infected with diseases.
after schools closed, children are now looking for jobs
Groups of people would be hosted on a large ground.
Mothers go to the hospital when they are too sick for doctors to help them.
I did not have any internet bundles to be online.
Some opposition leaders criticize the ruling party programs.
Malaria is one of the commonest diseases on the continent.
This is the third time he`s being arrested for car theft.
Key witnesses are those that can give first-hand evidence of some event.
Angola is playing a significant role in the current Great Lakes region tension.
The leader was so pleased with hosting Americans in his area.
Being a politician means being ready to make sacrifices
They were trained in banking and saving.
Erias Lukwago has resolved to write to the Kadaga.
Some people believe in witchcraft.
The district leaders agreed to establish a regional cancer institute.
Ugandans were grappling with the re-emergence of safe houses as torture havens.
Seek permission from rightful owners.
There are many baboons in the zoo.
The police protects people and their property.
There was an outbreak of Ebola in the country.
My grandmother babysits my younger brother when my parents are at work.
The government distributed ambulances to different districts.
The Ministry of Education and Sports has encouraged vocational training.
The team that scores more goals wins the match.
Uganda's economy is comprised of both the public and private sectors.
The ministry organizes workshops aimed at improving health workers' performance.
The theme intended to find solutions to Africa's most terrible problems.
Do not tell him everything.
Successful politicians are those who meet cultural obligations in their communities
The Primary Leaving Examination results were released by the minister of education and sports.
With confidence, he said that God saved his life.
Electoral Commission faces suit over registration deadline.
They were murdered for allegedly smuggling goods across the border.
The European Union has twenty seven member states.
The national team qualified for the tournament.
Such allergies are very common in children.
Many people are shifting to cheaper houses because of the pandemic.
The prime minister will chair the three days meeting.
The government gave out seeds to farmers.
There is a need for those who knew him closely to share his thoughts and what he stood for.
These girls are still young.
Is there any insect moving on my head?
The residents are now homeless.
People have been advised to start saving money for their future.
The brothers were fighting over their inheritance.
The drinks were enough for the invited guests.
They scored two more goals in the second half of the match.
The music fans enjoyed the live concert.
The camps require fresh water for the people living there.
That football manager has a habit of smoking during the match.
He has a dream of traveling to America.
That man is an accountant by profession.
The garden was covered with fertilizers.
Couples with misunderstandings need to visit a marriage counselor.
While the country has made progress, it can do even better.
Why do parents fail to understand their kids?
Farmers need access to improved seed varieties.
There are many new diseases.
Farmers carry out mixed farming.
These students are non-citizens.
She is the best fit for modeling.
Eighty percent perceive their country to be extremely corrupt.
The government needs to review how to deliver services to the people.
The school was founded by a bishop.
The government is trying to keep the city centre clean.
He is planning to wed his new girlfriend.
In case of any challenges faced at work, report to the management.
In the case of referral, the patient is to cater to the fuel cost.
All water sources are very far away from our house.
People believe some of the results have been made up by the district.
Money borrowed from the organization will help them improve their lives.
The late priest was buried yesterday.
Uganda is at risk since there is an ebola outbreak in the neighbouring countries.
Teaching children to wash their hands before eating protects them against eating germs.
Some districts didn't receive any food relief.
There are various land cases in the courts of law.
The axe is commonly used to cut firewood.
He sustained a deep cut on the head during the fight.
A trading license is obtained at one hundred thousand Uganda shillings.
I need to sleep because I am so tired.
A Minister is expected to help his constituents find jobs
My neighbor lost a lot of blood during labor which led to her death.
A child can get sick and fail to go to school.
His money was stolen on leaving the bank by conmen.
Metal detectors are now everywhere in the city and are not subject to taxes.
We should as a country be moving away from very expensive projects.
Recent polls and anecdotal reports point to a grim scenario, especially in Sub-Saharan Africa.
We put a ladder for her to climb down from the tall building.
It is a statutory obligation for citizens to pay taxes.
What we do today might influence our future.
Students are the main beneficiaries of the project.
There has been an increase in the number of cancer patients.
It has all happened in the intervening period
Many people have recovered from coronavirus in Uganda.
The government will provide support to the elders.
There are many things that we need to know before we get married.
The incumbent is worried about the increasing number of officers in the area.
The fashion industry is starting to thrive again.
An epidemic is a disease that affects a large number of people within a community.
Good quality honey will come from this region.
She was riding the bicycle while I was running.
The authorities are looking for two young men who robbed a supermarket.
The government provided tractors to the farmers.
As windshield wiper blades age, they lose much of their flexibility.
Parliament approved all the ministers appointed by the president.
She was promoted at her workplace.
I track my stock levels all the time.
Factories with more than ten employees are thinking of laying off workers.
Police charge a criminal by the law.
Some cases linked to people from the Democratic Republic of Congo have been recorded in Uganda.
Police was deployed at all border points.
She will be responsible for monitoring the purchase of that equipment.
Pregnant mothers should visit the hospital.
The people of the community should receive essentials as promised by the government.
He dug a deep hole.
The woman introduced her man to her parents.
He took a burden off my shoulders.
The cloth is one meter wide.
Twenty million people will be saved from illnesses.
There has been an increase in the number of defilement and rape cases.
Some war victims complained about the package that they received.
Developmental ideas lead to economic growth.
The fear of God is the beginning of wisdom.
The decision was made in October one thousand nine hundred eighty-nine.
The signing explained that the team is ready, motivated and eagerly waiting for the match.
How are you going to protect her?
Some families are struggling to feed their children.
Each minister was asked to deliver a report during the meeting.
Two oversight bodies were created.
The Allied Democratic Forces were to fight the Kampala government.
Where does it get money to finance its programs?
The land is one of the biggest assets our grandfather left us with.
The government allocated thirteen billion towards containing yellow fever.
Land must be legally registered in the names of the rightful owner.
Companies have heavily invested in technology.
The taxi park is very conducive for carrying out business activities.
The court accepted that it is true and there is evidence for it.
The scholastic materials will be supplied to four schools in the northern region.
The government should recover the misappropriated funds.
The High Court has dismissed the murder case against me.
Smart cities are the future of housing and environmental protection.
It is illegal for an employee to work without taking leave.
The ferry makes three trips in a day.
What is a toe and how is it different from the engine?
Women should be educated about the different opportunities specifically present for them.
She promised to give me a call in an hour.
He bought for his mother a silver bracelet.
The closed-circuit television cameras were installed in Kampala Metropolitan Policing Area.
There are quite many others in that field.
He has been voted president of the country.
The police set him free as they could not find enough evidence against him.
Avoid contact with disease-infected people to prevent the spread of certain diseases.
Currently, we are raising funds to build the boys' dormitory.
The bank established agent and digital banking to extend banking services to the people.
Our family had nowhere to go after our house had been destroyed in the flood.
Her parents created a college savings account after her birth.
Very few women have an interest in football.
What do you want to talk about?
Lodges are relatively cheaper than hotels.
He was not impeached.
Medical bills are very expensive.
I enjoyed watching the animal documentary.
She had a voice singing outside the door.
Members of parliament represent community members at a national level.
The new government brought forward the Sudanese economic revival plan.
She likes eating rice with chicken.
Things are very bad in the district.
When some people die, their property is presided over by their relatives.
The district has extended counselling services to the refugees.
She was appreciated for her impactful missionary education service.
How long should you wait before marrying?
He was once the chief justice of the Supreme Court.
Adults should be allowed to be independent.
Our bodies are the temple of God.
We slashed the grass in the compound.
The residents were ready to fight.
Online courses are more convenient.
He said the solution to the first two categories is criticism.
Trading activities encourage economic development.
What do you have to say about this land matter?
The team played so well.
The defendant's lawyers stated that they want to see justice served.
Most people retire at the age of sixty five.
Speeding can reduce fuel efficiency by up to thirty percent.
They should help one another prosper.
The police disciplinary committee settled this dispute.
We do not have daycares and nursery schools in our area.
People have blessed the organisation for this great endeavour towards them.
The district task force has conflicts with the West Nile press association.
The maize leaves have been eaten by caterpillars.
The minister promised financial aid to all people affected by the fire.
He joined the health club this year.
Your mother bought a green dress from my shop yesterday.
My mother told me to share my birthday cake with my friends.
All teenage girls need affordable access to sanitary pads.
He joined the army at sixteen years.
Every patient will have one attendant strictly.
A new health center is being built in the region.
The road construction will begin this week.
The district has established a team to monitor public servants.
People commit crimes for money and survival.
They should allow children to express their thoughts and ideas.
They condemned police brutality.
He borrowed a lot of money from the bank.
Hiring foreign doctors will improve health services.
The job applicants were required to submit their resumes and cover letter during the application process.
Local revenue should be tracked and monitored to fight embezzlement of funds
We need committed teachers to teach candidate classes.
The number of illiterates is alarming.
Political analysts are concerned with the opposition's separation.
We had to reduce our wedding guest list to twenty people because of the pandemic.
The biggest part of Kampala city is in Buganda kingdom.
He said he meant his words.
Everyone thought that his idea would work but it did not.
The authors studied the incidence of corruption in local governments.
I logged into my email address using his computer.
His birthday party didn't go as he had planned.
Why do referees manipulate games?
No one knows why some workers were laid off.
Whose daughter is that?
My work license was stolen.
Men are really respected.
The number of prisoners in this prison has increased.
Lagardere demands a huge compensation from the Confederation of African football.
Here are the political aspirants from the different parts of the country.
They are members of well-resourced and media anti-government exile groups.
After some discussions, the killers left.
Students are addicted to sports betting and listening to music.
How are basketball points counted?
Many organizations don’t have money.
He is one of the trainees at our company.
A few sectors will benefit from the government money.
The judge's decision did not please him.
Most criminals are very hurtless.
There is a screening of truck drivers when entering the country.
He has gone for a meeting in Ethiopia.
She is very excited about starting her new job tomorrow.
They discussed the challenges students face in school.
The defiled girl disappeared from the area.
The government is obliged to compensate people who are affected by its projects.
Some people from Western Uganda like eating millet.
All complaints regarding ambulance services should be forwarded to the district officials.
The government will increase power generation from Karuma dam.
The maize leaf is yellow however its colour tends to brown at the base.
Football is an easy way of bringing communities together.
Most poachers used tools such as guns.
People with disabilities will have access to employment opportunities.
A number of people died on the boat cruise in two thousand eighteen.
He is admitted to the hospital.
Everyone was worried about the auditing process.
There is a dead body that was found in the bush.
There is access to banks, hospitals and markets.
The mass vaccination against the coronavirus is ongoing in the country.
Why was oxygen used to treat coronavirus patients?
He was panting as he climbed up the hill.
The Confederation of African Football president Ahmad is controversial.
God is great.
I met him at the office.
We have the right to own property in this country.
People have focused on Amin because of his character and what he stood for.
How can I get a National identity card quickly?
The American embassy is appreciated for its contribution towards the health of Ugandans
The farmers' register helps chiefs to know which people engage in agriculture.
In the recently concluded Olympic games, Uganda was the third in Africa.
The government has revised several parts of the constitution over the years.
The Uganda National Examinations Board is under the Ministry of Education and Sports.
Some programs have facilitated the development of rural areas.
How many politicians were voted as Members Of Parliament this year?
National environment management authority should intervene to conserve the wetlands.
This stadium accommodates only six thousand people.
Once you do something inappropriate, please apologise.
Wildlife brings in foreign income.
Children should always shower early in the morning.
She replied to his letter yesterday.
Do you know the password to his phone?
How was the comedy show?
Many cars have buttons that allow turning off the overdrive gear.
Tell your father the truth.
Every after an election, candidates results are announced.
The couple has been married for ten years now.
Local Councils and the communities must take the lead in policing.
Our team earned four points from yesterday's football match.
Fish farming is an economic activity.
How can effective communication be established?
The cars are put into various categories including one for the supreme award.
I paid the fine and my cousin was released.
He beats his wife every night.
Her son will be joining high school next year.
He shot someone for knocking on his car.
The parents announced that their daughter was missing.
Do we have any confirmed case today?
I have my birthday next week.
My brother was shocked by the electricity.
Ensuring security in the village is important.
Her wife is a nurse.
The city will be comprised of high levels of technology.
She will not be part of the athletics competitions because she is injured.
She is a friend to my mother.
The coronavirus spreads easily among crowds.
Oil is the country's largest export.
The president warned Rwanda's enemies from within and without.
The Muslim youths were represented at the meeting.
Tanzania is not a landlocked country like Uganda.
Some girls have become pregnant during the lockdown.
Uganda asked to join them in operations on the twenty-fifth of October but Beni declined.
By the look on her face, she is stressed.
Majority of farmers grow crops for sale.
Their school team won the hockey match last evening.
He won a car last year.
Our gatekeeper sleeps during the day so that he can remain awake throughout the night.
The government will work with various organizations to develop the northern region.
The bishop cautioned the congregation against cheating in competitions.
Transfers are very inconveniencing.
Up to twelve people were seriously injured in the accident
The farm has cattle for both beef and dairy.
What is corruption?
He is the spokesman of that ministry.
The impact is at their manufacturing and distribution points.
Coronavirus has killed so many people in the world.
His parents didn't know his academic performance was poor.
The officer has been placed on administrative leave.
The history teacher rarely turns up for our classroom lessons.
She laughs at me whenever I stammer.
The country has high levels of unemployment and underemployment.
She accidentally cut her finger while she was peeling.
The football team struggled to score a goal in the second half.
I have up to tomorrow to hand in the assignment.
They reported the case to the village chairman.
Public debates were broadcast on television.
People are grateful for food support from the government.
There is no cure for that disease.
What threads do tailors use?
He thinks the existence of combs is an inconvenience.
Misdiagnosis is common in health centers in rural areas.
Technology opens up doors of new opportunities to do business.
This department addresses complaints against police officers.
The telecom companies will use the available facilities for the work.
She cannot have a big wedding because of the pandemic.
Loneliness could lead to depression.
Coronavirus is spreading rapidly.
The army should not get involved in politics and politicking.
The professor criticized his academic paper.
The survey was conducted in Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, South Africa, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Ceremonies are part of life.
That is where she hangs her dresses.
He urged the community to continue supporting the boys till they finish their studies.
The recent graduate had a first-class degree.
There is a mobile application to help people order for food without having to go to the restaurant.
Besides coronavirus, there are other diseases in the community.
Some witnesses do not narrate the incidents clearly and end up confusing everyone.
Candidates have received guidelines for their final examinations.
I wish she gets well soon.
There are more media houses in Uganda today.
It is important to preserve and conserve nature and wildlife.
She runs her salon with two assistants.
Rwanda's minister for the East African Community said some members of their delegation would be unavailable.
He missed the deadline for his assignment.
Some times government work slows down because of delayed funds from ministries.
Besigye accused the National Resistance Movement of being a one-man dictatorship.
Her laptop was stolen on her way to school.
This coronavirus disease will one day be history.
Drinking of dirty water causes many diseases in people's lives.
My uncle died last year.
This drama is captured in Daniel Kalinaki's book on Besigye.
What is the name of the teacher that you want to see?
Religious leaders should be obedient and disciplined.
World health organization wants to progress in domestic investment for surveillance activities.
Traders with the same kind of products operate in the same market.
With the media, you can reach very many people ago.
You have a strong woman.
Nursery children are taught how to read and identify letters of the alphabet.
The lion is one of the major predators in the jungle.
The pathway sits at the heart of several other biological processes.
There is ignorance about the disease among the community.
The treaty was signed by President Yoweri Museveni and his counterparts.
What are some of the diseases that can affect both animals and human beings?
The accused claimed he was innocent because there was no evidence.
Catholics allow some married men to become ordained priests.
My niece was appointed as a director of the firm.
The World Health Organization hopes that the first pledge will encourage donors to the cause.
This raises serious issues of safety in our water transport system.
Early pregnancies have led to increased dropout rates of girl children.
This place is too cold.
One of the Ugandans did not qualify for the Olympics because he was underweight.
Cholera is a disease caused by poor sanitation.
My students make me upset.
✅A world of misinformation, disinformation, and misinformation is thus aided.
✅Boys passed the examinations highly.
✅How long do rape case court hearings take?
✅He needed a car to ease his campaigns.
✅The clergy need to engage in business activities to improve their welfare.
✅The districts are having land disputes.
✅What does the crime intelligence officer have to do?
✅People will not be allowed to get half of their savings until they retire.
✅Telecom companies are secretive on doing the new interconnection fee
✅Some schools receive the papers before exams are held.
✅Locals can help prevent crime by reporting wrongdoers.
✅District councillors are poorly paid which affects service delivery
✅There is an increase in the number of people joining the group every day.
✅There is a lot of disagreement within the party.
✅The treaty was signed to re-establish the East African Community.
✅The schools should provide pupils with something to eat.
✅Some of my friends think that my mother-in-law is pretending to help me so that she can spy on my family.
✅The leaders tasked the parliamentarian to solve the problem using the colonial map.
✅Doctors need to sleep in staff houses to have immediate access to patients
✅strikes and accusations from the opposition being politicized need to stop in Makerere
✅People should distance themselves from others to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
✅He has not eaten food for two days now.
✅I saw a stranger entering that house.
✅He is our entertainment minister at school.
✅It is good to express gratitude.
✅Animals are greatly affected by diseases.
✅Ten of the prisoners were returned to the country today.
✅The situation was very tense by the time I arrived.
✅Those that get low points will automatically be disqualified.
✅The team displayed good football skills in the tournament.
✅This was a bad move to go home.
✅The soldiers should be convinced to stop fighting.
✅The church was established with three objectives.
✅She was born blind.
✅Engineers should create a professional uniting body.
✅Candidate classes will report at the beginning of June.
✅My food order was delivered on time.
✅Most of the funding was allocated to agriculture.
✅I clearly remember the way to your home.
✅Refugees do not have enough food to sustain their lives.
✅A marathon is a long-distance race.
✅The land is very valuable.
✅Motorcyclists are not allowed to use the new bridge.
✅That is only its overt manifestation.
✅How deep is lake victoria?
✅Married people should resolve their disagreements.
✅The new system could cost millions of shillings.
✅He was called to the police station to give a statement.
✅Uganda should utilize technical solutions in the education sector.
✅Why would the diocese be split?
✅People do not know what they want.
✅More petrol stations have been opened up on different roads in Uganda.
✅Weddings and funerals are used as campaign platforms by most politicians
✅He has very many rich friends.
✅Many people believed in him.
✅We buy goods and sell them at a profit.
✅Muslims do not eat pork because it is a sin in their religion.
✅They need to guide the community about the benefits they will receive.
✅When is the next Champions League?
✅Most of the manufacturing industries are privately owned.
✅There will be scholarship programs for those who will excel.
✅There are checkpoints at every border district.
✅Remember to cut your nails short.
✅Governments and private entities make programs that do not take into account forest-dwelling people.
✅Boda Boda riders disregard traffic rules.
✅Five hundred six people are on antiretroviral drugs.
✅Many people never recover the expenses of the trial.
✅The pandemic would have run out of control but we managed to coerce it
✅It all seemed rehearsed.
✅We have seen worse things this year.
✅When we realized that the girl was not well, we took her to the hospital.
✅Television stations employ news anchors to report and cover current situations.
✅What are some of the commonly used herbs in Uganda?
✅Our chairman is suspected to be behind a certain group of thieves in our area.
✅Independence day celebrations were cancelled.
✅Some countries protect local companies from foreign competition.
✅Many people were killed during the riots.
✅He lost his sight when he was still a baby.
✅Kind people are always rewarded.
✅Since the time of the early advertising-supported newspapers.
✅The whole family was shocked when my sister got pregnant at sixteen years.
✅The agricultural sector should be improved.
✅The number of people who want to buy determines how much should be supplied.
✅An outfield player can make any number of mistakes in a game and get away with it.
✅He was arrested on suspicion of breaking into the company office.
✅They donated masks to the whole community.
✅To treat Ebola patients and suspected cases, doctors typically isolate them in rooms.
✅The prices of products usually go high due to an increase in taxes.
✅The leader has rewarded the national football team for their excellent performance.
✅He has taken the cows for grazing.
✅He called on the party members to support him.
✅The car knocked down a motorcyclist at the corner of the road.
✅That candidate was disqualified for bribing voters.
✅Government-aided schools provide good education services.
✅What causes the high rate in Kampala?
✅It has been reported that appointed ministers do not want to attend parliament sittings.
✅Uganda has received vaccine donations from other countries.
✅The refugees request that the government responds to their needs.
✅The police are looking into kidnapping reports that are happening around Kampala.
✅All you do is register, open, and activate your account normally like any other platform.
✅She starved to death because nothing was there to eat.
✅A senior officer of the army has passed on.
✅He used to be a clever boy in his primary school.
✅We are patiently waiting for the installation of the street lights.
✅He earns less than ten million Ugandan shillings.
✅A new flat will be constructed.
✅The rate of maternal mortality is increasing.
✅What is the role played by local leaders in the community?
✅The residents complained about the small parking yard at the supermarket.
✅We should always learn from our past mistakes.
✅Farmers should be subsidized in order to increase their profits.
✅The minister of sports has officially opened the school sports competition.
✅She qualified for the international golf competition.
✅Kampala capital city authority football club got their first away win this season.
✅The two rival officials suspended their campaigns.
✅The voter registers should be displayed at the parishes.
✅Football supporters like a winning team.
✅There are many music students in higher institutions of higher learning.
✅I was shocked when I was told that my father had died.
✅Thank God for all the good things.
✅A good working relationship yields positive results in the community.
✅The revenue-maximizing goal was to reach the largest audience possible.
✅He said ill words to his wife.
✅He was reported to the police.
✅She tried to chase the thief but all in vain.
✅We have since remained very close to personal and family friends.
✅A number of children have grown up without fathers.
✅The sports event will take place at the school's playground.
✅Some health workers are very rude to their patients.
✅Who killed the martyrs?
✅Entebbe is one of the cleanest towns in the country.
✅Politicians should respect the Constitution.
✅What has happened to the light in your room?
✅Generally, military expenditure in Africa fell by eight percent.
✅She sacrificed her goat to the ancestors.
✅He promised to give us a bonus if we bought from him the next time.
✅The stone broke into extra smaller pieces.
✅Uganda has never qualified for the World Cup finals.
✅They were not eligible to start an account.
✅The public was furious that some people didn't want to return the money.
✅As a woman ages, her fertility decreases naturally.
✅Local leaders are urging people to keep the city clean.
✅My father was the head of the science department at my former school.
✅A new tax was imposed on internet bundles.
✅Some students were expelled from school because of being indiscipline.
✅Both kingdoms and chiefdoms still exist.
✅Loan schemes have supported women and youth groups.
✅Every Christian should contribute what he can afford to the construction of the church.
✅He worked until one thousand eighty-one.
✅I am waiting for you on the second floor.
✅Can one self-test for coronavirus from home?
✅Police informed people to desist from any acts of criminality in this festive season.
✅The opposition has a lot of support in northern Uganda.
✅You will start experiencing symptoms of coronavirus three days after infection.
✅Some of their colleagues are languishing in harsh conditions of prison.
✅They have refused to attend to any parliamentary business.
✅I have never donated blood.
✅What are some of the measures put in place to control coronavirus?
✅The road construction has not yet started.
✅Registered vendors are complaining about poor hygiene in the market.
✅There are kickboxing competitions this weekend.
✅The celebration gathers people from all three countries.
✅She burnt all the clothes and pictures of her late husband.
✅The refugees thanked God for sending donors to help them.
✅Have you ever traveled to any country before?
✅After his father's death, he became the head of the family.
✅People receive forms to apply after presenting a letter from the local council one.
✅Bail applications will be heard by the court on Friday.
✅Last year my sister bought a piece of land from her savings.
✅We saw them harvesting maize.
✅There is diversity in the way people do their research.
✅Elections usually end in violence.
✅She refused to participate in the company's inter-departmental sports activities.
✅His team won the champions league last year.
✅Loss of merchandise interrupts business operations.
✅Thursday next week marks the beginning of the verification of Ugandan traders by committee members.
✅Oil companies need to observe proper means of waste disposal.
✅Many people in this area will be buried by the landslide if they do not relocate.
✅The protesters insisted that the police officer shot that man dead because of his skin color.
✅What causes buildings to collapse?
✅There are some concerning issues with our law system
✅Electricity is generated from running water.
✅Uganda national roads authority will take over road construction at the district.
✅We need a lot of money to carry out more investigations on the case.
✅New cities are being created in the country to improve on service delivery.
✅Training opportunities should be provided to empower refugees.
✅The president did not appear at the event.
✅The journalist gave a full report of the story.
✅They will be punished if they don't do their work.
✅An ostrich has the longest legs.
✅People with similar origins work well together.
✅He came in third place with thirty votes.
✅National Resistance Movement leaders in Kampala were to air out their issues.
✅The ministry of health recommends that all water for drinking should be boiled.
✅The high influx of refugees is likely to encourage the spread of the disease.
✅The Founding Fathers made "out of many ones" the national motto.
✅In most sports games, there is always a team member defending an opponent.
✅The team won three games in the league.
✅Poland was granted deep relief on its debts.
✅The two leaders held a meeting to discuss the development of their regions.
✅The kraal is dirty, please clean it.
✅Poor pay leads to crime.
✅There is good security in the city.
✅If they did not comply more pliant people would be found.
✅When locusts attack the crops, they destroy the whole agricultural economy.
✅Different African countries have their special dishes.
✅Developed countries have good medical facilities.
✅New Zealand has won the rugby world cup five times in a row.
✅Most primary school teachers are not satisfied with their salaries.
✅There is continued heavy gunfire in the Democratic Republic of Congo town of Beni.
✅The little children waved at their parents while leaving.
